                          INFOMEDIA '98
                          -------------

   Dear Amigans,


   We are proud to present InfoMedia '98, one of the largest computer
shows of the Benelux! On October 3rd (Saturday) and 4th (Sunday) 1998 the 2nd
edition will have place in "het Bouwcentrum" in Antwerp, Belgium from 10.00h
to 18.00h. It's a general computer fair, but this year the fair will be
expanded with one or more extra halls, just for alternative systems. It's the
intention to fill at least one big hall with Amiga! The total surface of the
whole fair amounts to 6,000 square metres! The access price comes to 250 Bfr.
(14 Fl./5 £./13 DM) or 200 Bfr. (11 Fl./4 £./10 DM) for big groups.
   
   You may expect companies, shops, organisations, user groups and many
important notables from the Amiga world; some of them will give one or more
seminaries. During those two days live IRC conferences will be held and we're
also planning to set up some web cams. People who would like to experiment
with the Internet can visit our cyberzone and the ideal place for a break is
of course our big bar! ANNEX will perform their latest dance acts and AMIGA
International, Inc. will have a big booth to offer you all the latest news!
The UGN stand will be available too for all kind of user group information.

   On our web pages you can find many more information about this huge
Amiga event: general info, the temporary list of exhibitors, hotel info,
pictures from last year, a floorplan, travel information (don't forget to
take a look at our roadmap), details about the IRC conferences, the
seminaries, etc. Just surf to http://titan.glo.be/~waasland/infomedia98 and
have a look! Also look out for our advertisements in many Amiga magazines.

   We are planning special bus trips to this fair from The Netherlands,
France, Germany,... (visit our website for more info), so it may not be a
problem to come over and attend those two magical days...!


   Amiga greetings


Tony Mees
Coordinator Amiga Hall
waasland@glo.be
