Welcome
-------

These are the example code files for use with the book

    "Bare-Metal Amiga Programming" (ISBN 9798561103261)

If you have bought the book, thank you very much and I hope that
you will enjoy reading it and using its contents to create your
own games and demos.

If you do not own the book then please do have a look at it in
case it is of interest to you. It is available from Amazon as
well as other online book retailers. Feel free to use these files
without the book, although they may make less sense this way.



Usage
-----

Most of the source files include various assets that the assembler
will need to load during assembly. The sources all assume that they
are located in the root of volume "BareMetal:" and that the assets
folder is located in "BareMetal:Assets".

If you are using the ADF (or have written the ADF image to a disk)
then the volume name of the ADF/disk will be correct and the assets
should be where the assembler expects to find them.

If you are using the LHA or have copied the files from the ADF to
a folder elsewhere then you will need to setup an assign to make
the assembler happy. This is done with the following command:

assign BareMetal: DH0:Sources/Book

Where "DH0:Sources/Book" must be replaced with the location where
the example code files are stored on your system. The command can
be placed in the S:User-Startup file so that it is automatically
run each time your Amiga boots.



The code
--------

While writing the examples I aimed for readbility rather than
efficiency of the code. There is plenty of scope to make the code
faster as well as smaller, but this may make the code less obvious,
especially to coders who have only started to code in assembly 
recently. 



Updates
-------

Over time I may update existing examples and add new examples to
the archive. Please feel free to check back on my website to see
if a newer version of these examples is avalable. The latest
version will be available from the download section, which is at:

http://www.edsa.uk/downloads



Best regards,

Edwin van den Oosterkamp
Worcester, UK
edwin@edsa.uk

