
                                    BATTLES
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Welcome stranger, let me tell my tale and let me show you a man like you.

               So, before I start, tell me what`s your attitude!

         Probably you think you`re the toughest fighter on your world?
          Probably you think you`ve seen more dangers than sunrises?
     Probably you think you`ve killed more demons than any warrior before?
        Probably you think you`re the hardest enemy for any other man?
                    Probably you think you`re ...immortal?

                                Huh! So did I.
                      But time made me thinking it over.

 Some day, all my battles were fought - and my inner peace was back again. My
  inner peace - the inner peace of a real warrior! My inner red-eyed beast. I
  felt good. I felt deadly. No enemy sword could touch my skin (because there
       were no enemy swords left) and my old wounds were finally cured.
                    I felt immortal, just like you do now.

         So, one day I arrived from the fields of honour at a place of
                         joy... a place of happiness.

   It was a cold day. Nevermind! I felt strong. Strong enough to resist any
   harm, strong enough to stand against any kind of danger. But I was wrong.

 For the first time I was without anger or fear again. I felt free and without
     guilt. There were times these feelings were rare... So I enjoyed it.

  But then - without warning - a spear was pierced into my heart. But who...?
    All my old enemies had biten the dust long time ago! So - who was it???
                           Which creep touched me?!

     But it wasn`t really an enemy of mine. No. It wasn`t even a warrior.
                               It was ...a girl.

      The spear was herself, her whole person. And it was to powerful to
                       could get broken by my armors...

                            So I wanted to scream,
                       So I wanted to fight against it,
                        So I wanted to protect myself, 
                   So I wanted to protect the warrior in me,
                  So I wanted to protect ...my inner beast...

...but I wasn`t fast enough. She took me with a blink of her eye, and maybe she
  didn`t even know what she did. THIS final battle didn`t even last a second.

                      Nevertheless - my inner beast died.
          But noone but me can see his dead body. Noone can feel it.

 And all my armours and weapons, all my thoughts and powers couldn`t help me.
            At this time I was hers at once, and so am I now, too!

           The fighter in me isn`t dead. No. But my inner beast is.
                       And it will never be alive again.

                               What should I do?
                         Should I cry because of that?
                       Should I give up because of that?
Should I let the warrior in me die like my inner beast... just because of THAT?

 No... No, I won`t. You won`t see me broken, you won`t see the fighter broken.
                                    Never.
                           You`ll just (?) see me...

                              ...fallen in love.

                  And so, after this (obviously) final battle
                      I`ll never feel this strong again.

                                    Never.
                               Not without her.




©20:31 04/05-94 Carlo Zottmann.
