Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 721

This is disk 721 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


DataFiler	A database for names, addresses, phone numbers, etc.  Has
		search and print capabilities.  Version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  Ken Winfield

DirWork		A fast, small, efficient, DirUtility.  Configurable options
		and buttons, as well as all the usual features.  Comes with
		external configuration editor.  This is version 1.62, an
		update to version 1.51 on disk 670.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

Division	An educational program for kids of all ages that helps to
		develop and sharpen division skills.  Has four levels, a
		practice section, and a testing section.  Version 1.1, binary
		only.
		Author:  Ken Winfield

DPU		Disk Peek and Update, a hex disk and file editor.  Functions
		include show device info, show bitMap, check disk, zap file,
		zap disk, zap fileSystem and zap rigid disk blocks.  This is
		version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Frans Zuydwijk

Octothello	An othello type game, but played on an octaganal board.  There
		are hundreds of variations to the game, with resizable boards,
		different corner shapes, and a play to lose mode.  Shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  PC Solutions

VCR		A database for all your VCR tapes.  Has built in search and
		print capabilities.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Ken Winfield
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 722

This is disk 722 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


Counting	An educational program for kids from 4 to 14, that helps to
		develop and sharpen skills in addition, subtraction, and
		multiplication.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Ken Winfield

Intuisup	A shared library with support routines for using texts, menus,
		borders, gadgets, requesters, and more, under AmigaDOS 1.3.
		Includes a template editor and source to library and test
		programs.  This is version 4.5, an update to version 4.4 on
		disk 715.
		Author:  Torsten Jürgeleit
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 723

This is disk 723 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


AniMan		AniMan combines Amiga animation, speech synthesis, and voice
		recognition, to provide you with an animated talking head
		that will run any Amiga program by voice command.  Ask for
		an Amiga program by name, and AniMan will oblige.  If AniMan
		becomes impatient, you may be insulted.  AniMan will also
		recite poetry if you ask nicely.  This is Version 3.2 of Ani-
		Man, an update to version 3.0 disk 712.  Either the Perfect
		Sound 3 or Sound Master (Sound Magic) audio digitizer is re-
		quired, along with 1MB of fast memory.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

DiskMate	A multitasking floppy disk utility program.  Features include
		multidrive disk copier, disk formatter, disk eraser, disk
		checker and installer.  Version 2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Malcolm Harvey

EternalRome	A historical strategy game, that in spite of its high complex-
		ity is fast and easy to play.  Fully mouse controlled with a
		fine zoomable map of the Roman empire (overscan and interlaced
		options).  The simulation delivers many historical insights
		because of its accuracy (may be used for educational purposes)
		and is a challenging and entertaining game for two or more
		players (also interesting for solitary studies).  Version 1.1,
		an enhanced update to version 1.0 on disk 502.  Tryware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Sven Hartrumpf

MemGauge	A graphical memory gauge.  Displays your computer's memory
		(chip, fast, public) in three horizontal bars.  Version 1.2,
		binary only.
		Author:  Malcolm Harvey

PrinterCTRL	A printer interface program which allows you to send raw HEX
		and device driver commands to your parallel printer.  Also
		has provisions for printing text files to the printer.device.
		Makes extensive use of the req.library functions.  This is
		version 1.00, freeware, includes source.
                Author:  Paul Miskovsky
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 724

This is disk 724 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


BackUP		A hard drive backup program that features a custom Intuition
		interface, multi-floppy drive support, incremental/full back-
		ups, on-the-fly compression using lh.library, optional verify
		and a restorable configuration.  BackUP requires Workbench
		2.0, arp.library V39 and lh.library V1.  Version 3.5, binary
		only.
		Author:  Felix R. Jeske

DonsGenies	A collection of more than forty ARexx "genies" for use with
		Professional Page, plus some supporting material.  Also in-
		cludes two example ARexx scripts for Art Department Profes-
		sional.  Version 1.0, shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Don Cox

XSearch		A program to search files and directories on any Amiga device.
		Uses AmigaDOS 2.0 style interface.  Includes both German and
		English versions.  Includes source in KICKPascal.
		Author:  Stefan Plöchinger
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 725

This is disk 725 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


MagIcon		A program which takes 'fake' icons dropped on the Appicon and
		turns them into 'real' icons.  The program also supports a
		Tools-menu entry so 'fake' icons spread over several windows
		can be easily iconified.  Support for 38 file formats and the
		appropriate icons are included.  Requires Kickstart 2.0 or
		higher. This is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Oystein Larsen, Ultima Thule Software

Mine		A new Modula-2 implementation of an old computer game.  You
		have an N * N square with mines hidden in some fields.  Your
		job is to mark them with a flag as fast as possible.  High-
		score lists are supported.  Important parts of the source
		code are included.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		Author:  Thomas Ansorge

SnoopDos	A utility for monitoring AmigaDOS calls.  In particular,
		it allows you to see what libraries, devices, fonts,
		environment variables or startup files a program is
		looking for.  Very useful when you're trying to install
		a new application.  Version 1.5, an update to version 1.2
		on disk 451.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS 2.0
		or higher.  Features include total configurability, full ARexx
		control, Xpr-transfer support, filetype-identification after
		download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto upload
		and download, unlimited size scrollable review buffer, solid
		and fully-featured VT100/VT220/ANSI emulation, optional fast
		atomic terminal emulation, hotkey support, powerful phonebook
		and dialing functions, ability to save and print the contents
		of the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII file, full overscan and
		screen resolution support (new ECS screen modes included),
		asynchronous operation and a lot more.  This is version 2.3,
		an update to version 2.2a on disk 681.  Includes full source.
		Because of its size, it is distributed on two disks.  This is
		part 1 of 2.  Part 2 is on disk 730.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 726

This is disk 726 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


HamLabDemo	Demo version of an expandable image format conversion utility
		that converts GIF, IFF, JPEG, Targa, BMP, TIFF, PBMPLUS, MTV,
		Spectrum 512, QRT, and Sun images into IFF (normal, HAM, half-
		brite, and "sliced" variations of each).  Images can be 
		scaled, dithered, color corrected, and cropped.  This demo
		version is limited to processing images of 512 by 512 pixels
		or less.  This is version 2.0.8, an update to version 2.0.6
		on disk 712.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Ed Hanway

Hextract	A complete header file reference.  Definitions, structures,
		structure members and offsets, flag values, library contents,
		function definitions, registers, library offsets, etc.  The
		data from a set of V1.3 Amiga and Lattice header files is
		included and packed for immediate reference by Hextract.
		Version 1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk 674.  Has
		greatly reduced search times.  Freeware, includes partial
		source.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

P-Index		A program for creating active index/selector pages to replace
		the normal window/icon display.  Appearance of pages is only
		limited by the capabilities of your paint program and your 
		imagination.  Index lines can be shown as arrays of boxes (as
		with current "selector" programs), or as icon look-alikes, or
		anything else you fancy, with normally a large saving in disk
		space.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

P-Reader	An all-purpose reader that displays texts,pictures,animations
		and sounds, which may be uncompressed or compressed with
		'P-Compress'.  Texts can include embedded static or animated
		illustrations and sounds.  This is version 6.2, an update to
		version 5.2 on disk 595, and includes scrolling and a variety
		of screen colours, with other enhancements and bug fixes.
		Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

PowerSnap       A utility that allows you to use the mouse to mark characters
                anywhere on the screen, and then paste them somewhere else,
                such as in another CLI or in a string gadget.  Checks what
                font is used in the window you snap from and will look for
                the position of the characters automatically.  Recognizes all
                non proportional fonts of up to 24 pixels wide and of any
                height.  Works with AmigaDOS 2.0 in both shell and WorkBench
                environments.  This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.1
                on disk 542.  Binary only.
                Author:  Nico Francois
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 727

This is disk 727 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


2View		2View is an ILBM picture viewer for use under Workbench 2.04
		or later.  It supports all standard ECS graphics modes, SHAM,
		Macropaint-style dynamic hires, color cycling, ARexx and both
		the CLI and Workbench.  Version 1.52, an update to version
		1.50 on disk 654.  This version fixes a bug in 1.50 and adds
		support for 2.04-style wildcards from the CLI.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Adventure	The Colossal Cave Adventure, by Donald Woods and Will
		Crowther.  This program runs from the CLI or Workbench, and
		is virtually identical to the original mainframe classic.
		This is version 1.10, an update to version 1.00 on disk 659.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Donald Woods, Will Crowther; ported by Tony Belding

Format		A 2.04-only replacement for the AmigaDOS Format command.  It
		uses a much more complete Workbench user interface (allowing
		for greater control over formatting from the Workbench) and
		is smaller that the original Format command.  Version 1.00,
		includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Vertex		A 3D object editor that differs from other 3D editors in many
		ways.  You can choose any view, including perspective, to sel-
		ect points and examine objects.  The view can be rotated, pos-
		itioned and scaled at will by either typed in values or using
		the mouse, which makes the editor fast and responsive.  This
		is version 1.62a, an update to version 1.36.3 on disk 648.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Alexander D. Deburie
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 728

This is disk 728 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


501		This program keeps score for the dart game 501. Games recorded 
		via the keyboard create a data base reflecting each player's 
		performance.  The statistics track personal bests, averages, 
		win percentages and high scores.  Written and compiled using
		HiSoft Basic Professional.  Version 1.15, an update to version
		1.12 on disk 651.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gilles Lepage

LastRefuge	A fast action game, written entirely in assembler.  Takes
		over the entire machine and loads off a special bootable
		disk.  Uses lhwarp (included) to regenerate the bootable
		game disk.  Binary only.
		Author:  Carsten Tag

PatchMan	An editor for the Roland JD-800 programmable synthesizer.
		You can receive/transmit/save/load single patches, the special
		setup, all internal patches, "ALL"-datas, set parameters for
		the three effect systems used in Multi mode and edit the var-
		ious part parameters.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Fuchs
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 729

This is disk 729 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


BBBBS		Baud Bandit Bulletin Board System.  Features include up to
		99 file libraries with extended filenotes, up to 99 fully
		threaded message conferences, number of users, files, mes-
		sages, etc. are only limited by storage space, controlled
		file library and message conference access for users and sys-
		ops, interface to extra devices like CD-ROM and others, all
		treated as read only, complete Email including binary mail,
		and multiple forwarding, user statistics including messages
		written, files uploaded or downloaded, time, etc, plus much
		more.  Version 5.4, binary only.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

DSound		DSound is an 8SVX sound sample player that plays samples
		directly off a hard drive, without having to load the entire
		sample into memory first, making it possible to play samples
		of any length even under limited memory conditions.  This is
		version 1.20, an update to version 1.00 on disk 654.  This
		version adds sample looping, the ability to abort using CTRL-
		C, and the ability to prevent DSound from opening a window.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

FF		FF is a file find utility for use under Workbench 2.04 or
		later.	It features a full, font-sensitive GUI, AppWindow
		support, dynamic find-list update, the capability to recog-
		nize both hard and soft links, and the ability to optionally
		descend into hard links to directories.  This is version
		1.01, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 730

This is disk 730 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS 2.0
		or higher.  Features include total configurability, full ARexx
		control, Xpr-transfer support, filetype-identification after
		download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto upload
		and download, unlimited size scrollable review buffer, solid
		and fully-featured VT100/VT220/ANSI emulation, optional fast
		atomic terminal emulation, hotkey support, powerful phonebook
		and dialing functions, ability to save and print the contents
		of the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII file, full overscan and
		screen resolution support (new ECS screen modes included),
		asynchronous operation and a lot more.  This is version 2.3,
		an update to version 2.2a on disk 681.  Includes full source.
		Because of its size, it is distributed on two disks.  This is
		part 2 of 2.  Part 1 is on disk 725.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 731

This is disk 731 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


FindIt		A fully Intuitionised file finder.  Features include search
		multiple drives/directories, search for file names starting
		with/not starting with given text, file names containing/not
		containing given text, file names ending with/not ending with
		given text, files created on/after/before/not-on given date,
		files containing given text, etc.  Found files can be copied,
		deleted, viewed, or printed.  Requires Workbench 2.0.  This
		is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith

GadToolsBox	A program that lets you draw/edit GadTools gadgets and menus
		and then generates the corresponding C or assembly code for
		you.  This is version 1.4, an update to version 1.3 on disk
		659.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

QMouse		An unusually small and feature-packed "mouse utility".  Was
		inspired by, but not derived from, the original QMouse by
		Lyman Epp.  Features include automatic window activation
		(like WindX), top-line blanking for A3000/A2320 users, system-
		friendly mouse blanking, mouse acceleration/threshold, "Pop-
		CLI", click-to-front/back, "SunMouse", "NoClick", "WildStar",
		Northgate key remapping, and more.  Requires Kickstart 2.0,
		but is not a commodity.  Only 3K.  Version 2.20, an update to
		version 2.10 on disk 697.  Public domain, assembly source
		included.
		Author:  Dan Babcock
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 732

This is disk 732 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


FontViewer	A program to view fonts.  Features include selectable screen
		resolutions, outline font support (WB 2.0), ColorFont support,
		up to thirty fonts shown at once with each in its own window,
		up to three lines of changeable text for viewing fonts, use
		file requester to find fonts to view (WB 2.0).  Version 1.2,
		binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith

MPE		A compiler tool for users of the M2amiga programming environ-
		ment.  MPE does the same job better than your batch file.  You
		can do everything with the mouse or the right amiga key.  With
		this Modula-2 Programming Environment you can compile, link,
		and run your program.  When there is an error, the editor is
		started automatically.  You can set all switches for M2C, M2L
		M2Make, M2Project, and M2LibLink.  This is version 1.31, an
		update to version 1.17 on disk 703.  Binary only.
		Author:  Marcel Timmermans

PSUtils		Some utilities for postscript and adobe fonts.  Resetadobe
		(version 1.0) is a program to modify the AFM files of adobe
		fonts which do not appear to have the correct spacing after
		being generated by AFM2PFM.  Postsplit (version 1.0) is a
		program to split a color PageStream postscript file into
		individual color/page files for multipass printing.  PFM2AFM
		(version 1.0) generates AFM files for adobe fonts.  T1Utils
		is a set of adobe font manipulation tools including a font
		disassembler.
		Author:  I. Parker, D. Spencer, Ken Borgendale, Lee Hetherinton

Riff		A little iff reader written in M2amiga Modula-2.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Marcel Timmermans

RTracker	A MOD player that is small, easy to use, highly configurable,
		follows CBM's style guide, supports automatic decompression
		of MODs, and more.  Version 2.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Manzano
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 733

This is disk 733 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector that detects 25 different such viruses.
		Version 1.6, an update to verion 1.5 on disk 710.  Share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

Cube		An animated Rubik's Cube simulator, solver, and tutorial.  It
		uses two solving algorithms, one which can be applied by a
		human using simple rules, and another that is too complicated
		to be used except by a computer.  Shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Martin Gitelson

Sushi		A tool to intercept the raw serial output of Enforcer 2.8b,
		Enforcer.megastack 26.f, Mungwall, and all other tool and ap-
		plication debugging output that uses kprintf.  This makes it
		possible to use serial debugging on a single Amiga, without
		interfering with attached serial hardware such as modems and
		serial printers.  Sushi also provides optional signalling and
		buffer access to an external display/watcher program.  Version
		37.7, binary only.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

Termcap		A port of the GNU termcap library for the amiga.  Termcap is
		a library of C functions and a database of terminal descrip-
		tions, that allows an application to send control strings to
		terminals in a way independent of the specific terminal type.
		Author:  Various
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 734

This is disk 734 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


PowerVisor	A powerful machine language debugger and system monitor de-
		signed for the serious Amiga programmer.  PowerVisor supports
		all Amigas and all processors (including the 68040).  There
		are two versions, one for AmigaDOS 2.0 and one for AmigaDOS
		1.3 (or 1.2).  Among many other things, PowerVisor supports
		symbols and ARexx (with 215 different ARexx commands).  It
		is also very customizable.  The AmigaDOS 2.0 version supports
		online help with 'AmigaGuide' and is installable with the 2.0
		Installer.  This is version 1.20.  Source for some examples
		is included.  PowerVisor is shareware.  Registered users can
		order the complete PowerVisor source.  This is part 1 of a
		two part distribution.  Part 2 is on disk 735.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

UCD		A utility for changing the current directory that scans a disk
		and builds a file containing information about the directory
		structure that makes it possible for UCD to change directory
		to any directory in the scanned volume by simply naming the
		directory without pathname information.  Version 1.0, share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Uffe Holst Christiansen
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 735

This is disk 735 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


PowerVisor	A powerful machine language debugger and system monitor de-
		signed for the serious Amiga programmer.  PowerVisor supports
		all Amigas and all processors (including the 68040).  There
		are two versions, one for AmigaDOS 2.0 and one for AmigaDOS
		1.3 (or 1.2).  Among many other things, PowerVisor supports
		symbols and ARexx (with 215 different ARexx commands).  It
		is also very customizable.  The AmigaDOS 2.0 version supports
		online help with 'AmigaGuide' and is installable with the 2.0
		Installer.  This is version 1.20.  Source for some examples
		is included.  PowerVisor is shareware.  Registered users can
		order the complete PowerVisor source.  This is part 2 of a
		two part distribution.  Part 1 is on disk 734.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 736

This is disk 736 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


EasyStart	A program to start other programs in a very easy way.  It can
		start programs with a popup menu, a popup screen, with menu
		items in the WorkBench menu, with a window containing gadgets,
		and more.  Version 1.12, binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

InTime		A program to overlay a 'timecode' onto videotape while making
		working dubs of original footage.  The display consists of a
		tape number, hours, minutes and seconds.  It is designed to
		be used as as aid in logging and finding sections of a video
		tape.  The display can be in any shown in any font.  This is
		version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith

MegaD		A directory utility with multiple directory windows so you
		may copy from multiple sources to a single destination, copy
		from one source to multiple destinations, or copy from multi-
		ple sources to multiple destinations.  Full font support, full
		screens support, application icons, application menus and ap-
		plication windows support.  Includes 126 page tutorial and 47
		page user guide.  Other features include 72 user defined com-
		mand gadgets with simple keyboard equivalents, and multiple
		filters on directory listings.  Version 2.00, binary only.
		Author:  John L. Jones
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 737

This is disk 737 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


AMPlotDemo	A demonstration version of a commercial graph plotting program
		designed for publication quality plotting of scientific data.
		The demo allows datasets no larger than 10 datapoints and will
		not create hard copy plots.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

ANSI		A small CLI utility to convert C source between ANSI and
		Kernighan and Ritchie function definition formats.  Also
		allows generation of prototypes.  No Amiga extensions and
		should be portable.  Version 1.6, an update to version 1.0
		on disk 598.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

DBuff		Source code with a small demo to implement double buffering
		by adding a second ViewPort to an Intuition screen.  Version
		1.3, an update to version 1.0 on disk 599.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

PrLabel		A utility to print laser printer labels. Support 3x8, 2x8
		and 2x7 A4 label sheets.  The program may easily be modified 
		for other formats.  Also serves as a demonstration of using 
		STSLib for gadgets and menus.  Version 1.2, an update to
		version 1.1 on disk 599.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 738

This is disk 738 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


CanonBJC	Color printer driver package for Canon BJC 800 and Canon Epson
		emulation printers.  Supports Epson 24/48 pin and BJC emula-
		tion compressed native mode.  This driver is not limited to
		16/4096 shades/colors.  Includes font independent preferences
		programs for controlling additional options, free definable
		dither routines (many are included), ink compensation, color
		adjustment, timeout, and more.  Version 1, binary only.
		Author:  Wolf Faust, Distribution by Canon Europe N.V.

CanonStudio	Prints IFF pictures from disk in 24/8 bit accuracy on normal
		WB printer driver.  Pictures can be printed in any size
		(poster function) without need for much memory.  Supports most
		IFF formats (incl. EHB, HAM6, HAM8, IFF24).  Provides a nice
		font independent user interface, free definable ordered
		dithers, error diffusion and blue noise dithers, ARexx Inter-
		face, color adjustments, ink compensation, printer spooler and
		more.  This version is limited to Canon printer drivers.
		Version 1.2, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Wolf Faust

Galaga		A space "blast-em" game with over 300 different animation
		frames in 16 colors, many levels, end of stage nasties, bonus
		levels, kamikaze raids, etc.  Version 1.4, binary only.
		Author:  Geert Coelmont and Romain Voes
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 739

This is disk 739 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


Deft		A program to change the default tool of project icons.  Will
		search through a disk or directory, finding all icons that
		contain a specified default tool and change that tool to a
		different one.  It is useful for changing the default tools
		of all the doc files on disk to your favourite text reader,
		for example.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith

Hyper		Will lead you through documents that are written to be used
		with the legendary `Am*gaGu*de' from Commodore.  An ARexx port
		gives access to it from other applications.  Requires OS 2.0.
		Version 1.0, shareware.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

IconAuthor	A replacement for IconEdit2.0.  It can transform IFF images or
		brushes into resized 2-BitPlane brushes or icon files that
		match the WorkBench2.0 colors.  Online help is available via
		`Hyper'.  Demo version limited to processing provided demo
		image only.  Requires OS 2.0.  Version 1.0, shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

InScript	A program for producing video titles.  Features include fully
		editable text entry, IFF pictures as background, unlimited
		number of fonts loaded at one time, up to 99 undos, outline
		font support (WB 2.0), text styles (shadow, outline, etc) can
		be named and saved, toolbar for common operations, playback
		script maker with transitions between pages, adjustable color
		cycling, low, high and interlace resolutions with overscan,
		adjustable kerning, and comprehensive text alignment options.
		InScript can save InScript data, IFF pictures or animation
		files.  At least 1 mb memory required.  Version 1.1, share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith
		
Keti		Prints 3.5" disk labels (71.5 x 69.6 mm) on a NecP6 from a 15
		line ASCII file.  The first line will be the headline (max 25
		chars), 14 textlines (max 44 chars) may follow.  Requires OS
		version 2.0.  Includes source and DME macros.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

WKSC		Workbench Keyboard Shortcut Changer is a program which allows
		you to add or change keyboard shortcuts used for the Work-
		bench menus.  WKSC works on Workbench 1.2, 1.3 and 2.0.  This
		is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith
Short: lharchive of complete fish disk 740

This is disk 740 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


Debt		A calculator suitable for dealing with numbers the size of the
		national debt.  Will accept two 60 digit numbers and come up
		with a 120 digit answer.  Includes source.
		Author:  Martin Gitelson

HDMem		Demo version of software that allows you to use virtual memory
		with OS2.0, version 37.x or higher, on m68020/m68851 or m68030
		amigas.  Supports task exclusion.  The demo version is limited
		to 2Mb of virtual memory.  Version 2.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Rompf

Klondike	A single player card game.  Version 1.3, an update to version
		1.1c on disk 491.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Wiseman

MemCheck	A small tool to watch the first 1000 bytes of memory for ille-
		gal write actions.  It also checks some system vectors (cold-
		capture, coolcapture, warmcapture, kickMemPtr, kickTagPtr and
		kickCheckSum) to show any changes made by viruses.  Kickstart
		1.3/2.04 compatible.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

MultiClock	A flexible titlebar clock commodity with many extra features
		such as chime with builtin or digitized sounds, alarm which
		allows launching an Arexx or Batch file, and both digitised
		and narrator speech to say the time.  Requires AmigaDos 2.04
		or greater.  Version 1.17, binary only.
		Author:  Hugh Leslie

PerfMonitor	A small tool to show the CPU usage of each task.  Kickstart
		1.3/2.04 compatible.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener
