               COMMODORE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED TO LIQUIDATE

NEW YORK, April 29 /PRNewswire/ -- Commodore International Limited (NYSE:
CBU) announced today that its Board Of Directors has authorized the
transfer of its assets to trustees for the benefit of its creditors and
has placed its major subsidiary, Commodore Electronics Limited, into
voluntary liquidation. This is the initial phase of an orderly liquidation
of both companies, which are incorporated in the Bahamas, by the Bahamas
Supreme Court. 

CONTACT:  Hock Tan, CFO of Commodore International Limited, 215-431-9160/ 


                                    ###


  Commodore Folds

By DINAH WISENBERG BRIN
 Associated Press Writer

   WEST CHESTER, Pa. (AP) -- Commodore International Ltd., a pioneer in the
personal computer industry, said late Friday it is going out of business.

   The company plans to transfer its assets to unidentified trustees "for the
benefit of its creditors" and has placed its major subsidiary, Commodore
Electronics Ltd., into voluntary liquidation.

   "This is the initial phase of an orderly voluntary liquidation of both
companies," Commodore said in a brief statement.

   Company executives could not immediately be reached Friday evening.

   The company last month reported an $8.2 million loss for the quarter ending
Dec. 31 on sales of $70.1 million. A year earlier, Commodore lost $77.2 million
on sales of $237.7 million in the same period.

   In the latest report, Commodore said financial limits had thwarted its
ability to supply products, leading to weakened sales. One of its new products,
the Amiga CD32 video game, had sold poorly in Europe, where the company did most
of its business.

   The company's net worth turned negative in the fiscal year ended last June
30.

   Its stock, which had traded at around $3 per share before the quarterly
results were announced last month, closed unchanged at 87 1/2 cents per share on
the New York Stock Exchange Friday.

   "This is a company that briefly captured the attention of the American market
and didn't go where the market was going," said David Coursey, editor of the
newsletter P.C. Letter in San Mateo, Calif. "They just never managed to change
with the marketplace."

   While grabbing some market share and attention in the late 1970s, Commodore's
products were something between PCs and game machines "and never quite became
either," Coursey said.

   Commodore started 40 years ago as a typewriter repair company in the Bronx.
Its extension to the adding machine business paved the way for it to make
calculators and then personal computers by the mid-1970s.

   Commodore competed with Radio Shack for the first computers sold to homes and
co-founder Jack Tramiel became a highly-regarded figure in the fledgling PC
industry.

   By the early 1980s, it was overshadowed in the PC business by Apple Computer
Inc. and IBM. Software manufacturers didn't create as much software for
Commodore's Amiga line as it did for Apple and IBM-compatible machines.

   In recent years, most of Commodore's business was in Europe.

   NewTek Inc. of Topeka, Kan., created a product called Video Toaster that
converted Commodore's Amiga to a video-editing system. The $2,500 product was
popular with small advertising agencies and home hobbyists. The company's phones
were busy Friday night.


                                   ###



 Commodore International <CBU.N> to liquidate

    NEW YORK, April 29 (Reuter) - Commodore International Ltd said it authorized
the transfer of its assets to trustees for the benefit of its creditors and
placed its major subsidiary, Commodore Electronics Ltd into voluntary
liquidation.
    The company said this is the initial phase of an orderly liquidation of both
companies, which are incorporated in the Bahamas, by the Bahamas Supreme Court.
    --New York Newsdesk 212-603-3310.


                                   ###
--cut here--

