From MustangVR@cup.portal.com Sat Apr 30 19:06:07 CDT 1994
Article: 75229 of comp.sys.amiga.advocacy
Path: news.d.umn.edu!umn.edu!news-feed-1.peachnet.edu!news.duke.edu!MathWorks.Com!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!agate!darkstar.UCSC.EDU!news.hal.COM!olivea!decwrl!portal.com!portal!cup.portal.com!MustangVR
From: MustangVR@cup.portal.com (Aaron Mustang Smith)
Newsgroups: comp.sys.amiga.advocacy
Subject: C= Dead but the Amiga is picked up?
Message-ID: <110431@cup.portal.com>
Date: Sat, 30 Apr 94 00:20:24 PDT
Organization: The Portal System (TM)
Distribution: world
Lines: 72


	Take this for what you will. This is the information I have 
collected form sources including: The CSM, Scala, MicroPace (C= distributor)
, CEI (C= distributor) and MicroTech (C= distributor as well)

	First off, I called Micropace and spoke with my Rep.
I asked him if he had foudn out about the people they had liad 
off and he didn't really know as of then, I asked him if his 
customers were unhappy about not getting anymore A4000's. He 
then told me that they were recieving a new shipment of the 
A4000 line today. This could have included the new A4000LC
and the under $1400 A4000CR (cost reduced) that CEI had in 
stock. ( I can varify this sence my friend now owns one from them,
it's only difference is that the 030 is on  the motherboard, but
you can still upgrade with a 060 Modual later, it's SIMM ram sockets
are on the motherboard as well.) So they are still in stock of
A4000's for now. 

	CSM told me that the phillipeans plant has indeed closed 
down for now and the CD32 isn't being produced, but they had made
a large amount of them in the past 9+ months and have enough 
for the mean time, CEI is the main USA distributor for the CD32 
is paying for several ads in several Magazines. Also the Plant in 
ScotLand is shutting down for one reason, seems C= didn't pay them
for thier last batch of Amiga's.. so no more production untill
somone can front the money for the new Amiga's to be produced.
in other words, don't expect the A1200's to be very available 
anymore.

	Scala is trying to grab quite a fw A4000's to Run
Info-Channel on until something can be done to make more.
They are working on a IBM version that will not run quite
as well (obviously) but in other words, they are covering
thier butts.. I was told that the IBM support wouldn't 
ruin the amiga support tho...There are MANY Amiga's out
there and they still need software. even if another 
Amiga was sold from this day, there is still a very large 
consumer Market out there.

	and this you can take for what you will, a person
from MicroTech said it, not me, so you can believe it or not
I quote:

	Today MicroTech, an Amiga distributor, said
	that several US distributors  had  signed
	agreements with C= Canada to get CPU/parts
	and peripherals. They also said that Most 
	of C= USA's staff went to work for another
	which is actually a new C= organiation but
	with another name.


Cirtianly is interesting... C= USA is more or less taken apart 
and being sold off... but Thhe AGA chipset doesn't nessasarily
have to go with them, it does belong to the creditors yes,
but, it belonged to C= before this and perhaps this was the
plan to save the Amiga.. who knows what will happen in the 
next 3 months... CD32 is doing well.. to bad C= is 
all but dead and CEI has to take it all over... Oh wait, 
CEI is advertising, marketing, selling, getting reviews,
you know, all those things that C= didn't do? hmm maybe this 
is all good news???


	to end this off, I can't take any responcibility
for the accuracy of this, I do give my word that nothing here 
I made up or just pulled out of the air.. all info was givin
to me by other people, those people are trustable too even!

see ya on the net.. with my A4000CR/future Cyberstorm 66Mhz 060
(that's right kids, let the 060 breath new power into that old 
amiga of yours)


