Path: news.uni-c.dk!sunic!pipex!howland.reston.ans.net!agate!darkstar.UCSC.EDU!news.hal.COM!olivea!decwrl!get.hooked.net!news.sprintlink.net!news.clark.net!mjf_ppp!mjf
From: mjf@clark.net (Marc Fraioli)
Newsgroups: comp.sys.cbm,comp.sys.amiga.advocacy
Subject: A eulogy for Commodore
Date: 1 May 1994 17:06:57 GMT
Organization: Fraioli's Linux Hacking and Chowder Society
Lines: 42
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <2q0njh$lp1@clarknet.clark.net>
Reply-To: mjf@clark.net
NNTP-Posting-Host: mjf_ppp.clark.net
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: news.uni-c.dk comp.sys.cbm:2087 comp.sys.amiga.advocacy:6445

  Let me start off by saying that I pretty much abandoned Commodore 3 years
ago, so I guess this is in some small way partly my fault.  Not that I
feel guilty really, but I thought I'd get that out in the open right from
the start.

  The first computer I ever owned was a VIC-20.  I was in 8th grade at the
time, and saved my money to buy it.  Bought a B&W TV from a friend for $35
to use as a display.  Eventually got a datasette, and finally a 1541.  It's
amazing how excited I was about being able to store 170k on a floppy, and
how *fast* I thought that thing was.  Bought a C= 801 printer too.  I even
got Commodore's 16k RAM expansion, giving me 21k total.  I was in heaven. 
Imagine how I felt when I retired the VIC, and got a C64.  Got a Seikosha 
dot matrix printer, where the lower-case letters like 'g' and 'y' actually
dipped below the line they were on, instead of sticking up and looking ugly
like on that old 801.  Finally, I even got the C128, with a 1571 disk drive
(double sided! wow!) and a genuine color monitor, with an 80-column text
display.  

  I learned a lot about how computers work from those old things.  They
were hacker's machines-- you were encouraged to poke around (or should I
say POKE around?).  The number 49152 is permanently etched in my brain,
even though I haven't used it in years now.  How many people ever tried
to cram a simple 6502 assembly routine into the cassette buffer on a C64?
Ah, those were the days.  Ok, so nostalgia isn't a big thing in the world
of computers, but the end of Commodore triggered something in me.

  In 1991, I was tired of my 128.  I was out of college, working for a living
with bigger, more powerful computers, and it felt too limiting.  I looked
at the Amiga.  Looked long and hard.  Fantasized about the SVR4 Unix-based
Amiga.  But in the end, it was just too expensive, compared to a generic
486 out of the back of Computer Shopper.  Learned DOS (took about a week),
and Windows.  Decided they sucked.  Moved on to OS/2, Linux.  I hadn't
thought much about Commodore in a while.  And now they're gone.  Am I just
being silly here?  I don't know.

  You know, I still have all those old machines, even the VIC...

---
Marc Fraioli	      | "They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist- " 
mjf@clark.net         |    - Last words of Union General John Sedgwick,
		      |	   Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, U.S. Civil War

