
                               VIScorp (Logo)
                                      
                           FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                                      
               VISCORP ADDS THREE NEW DIRECTORS TO THE BOARD:
                                      
                Robert Wussler, King R. Lee, and Robert Reid
                                      
   Chicago, IL, May 16, 1996 -- Visual Information Service Corp. (Nasdaq:
   VICP, Bulletin Board), a developer of Interactive TV (ITV) set-top
   boxes to enhance television use and viewing by providing Internet
   access and electronic communications functions, announced the addition
   of three members to its board of directors. Current board members are
   Jerome Greenberg, Chairman, Roger Remillard, founder, and William
   Buck, Chief Executive Officer.
   
   Joining the VIScorp board are:
   
     * Robert J. Wussler, President and Chief Executive Officer of The
       Wussler Group. Mr. Wussler was previously President and CEO of
       COMSAT (Nasdaq:CQ) Video Enterprises; former Senior Executive Vice
       President of Turner Broadcasting System and President of
       SuperStation WTBS; and, former President of the CBS Television
       Network and CBS Sports Division.
     * King R. Lee, CEO and founder of Wynd Communications Corporation, a
       two-way wireless messaging service provider. Mr. Lee was
       previously CEO of Quarterdeck Corporation (Nasdaq:QDEK), a leading
       developer of Internet, utility and remote computing software;
       President and CEO of XTree Company, a utility software company;
       and held marketing positions with General Mills, Inc.(NYSE:GIS)
       and Lever Brothers.
     * Robert E. Reid, President and CEO of Engis Corporation, an
       international manufacturer of precision industrial diamond
       products and ancillary machinery, for more than four decades. He
       has guided Engis through an extended growth period, and, during
       his tenure, has established subsidiaries and licensees throughout
       the world.
   
   Mr. Reid said: "It is exciting to have an opportunity to work with
   VIScorp, which has already demonstrated leadership and vision in
   developing one of the first entries in the rapidly emerging ITV field.
   I believe VIScorp has many of the key elements that contribute to
   succeeding in a new technology venture, including enthusiastic and
   experienced management, a sound business plan, and solid technological
   and engineering capabilities. I and my fellow board members look
   forward to contributing to the growth and development of VIScorp
   through our roles as directors and advisers."
   
   Mr. Greenberg, Chairman, said: "We are proud to add these individuals,
   all highly experienced in their respective fields, to VIScorp's board.
   Their career accomplishments, and their past and current experience in
   management and corporate guidance, will be a valuable resource to help
   VIScorp stay a leader in the rapidly evolving field of interactive
   television.
   
   "Bob Wussler brings decades of experience creating innovative
   programming, managing the distribution of entertainment and
   information to millions of households, and a deep understanding of
   technologies such as satellite communications, cable television, and
   interactive media, communications and interactive media.
   
   "King R. Lee, who has an extensive background in communications,
   software and consumer products markets, has proven his leadership at
   the highest corporate levels. We anticipate rapid growth at VIScorp,
   and his experience managing fast-growing companies will be a
   tremendous asset."
   
   He continued: "Bob Reid's 40 years at Engis includes overseeing
   worldwide operations and manufacturing, and this experience gives him
   valuable insights as VIScorp pursues its vision to be a global player
   in the ITV market."
   
   Mr. Greenberg concluded: "In their careers, all three directors have
   shown decisiveness, keen management skills and a constant awareness of
   the bottom line, combined with a strong sense of vision for the
   future. This is exactly the combination that we believe will help
   VIScorp become a leader in the emerging ITV field."
   
   (For additional biographical information on our new directors, visit
   our Corporate Staff Directory.)
   
   VIScorp has announced that it intends to begin marketing its first
   set-top box with full Internet and Web capabilities, called the
   Universal Internet Television Interface(R), (UITI(R)) in the fourth
   quarter of 1996.
   
   The company says an enhanced set-top device, the Electronic Device(R)
   (ED(R)) is scheduled for roll out in 1997, and will feature
   capabilities such as telephone reception and dial-up, facsimile,
   pay-per-view options, electronic mail, access to on-line services,
   including the Internet, and more.
   
   Product names mentioned herein may be trademarks and/or registered
   trademarks of their respective companies.
   
                               www.vistv.com
