
                                      
                phase 5 Answers Comments Made by Dave Haynie
                                      
                 Date sent: Sat, 25 May 1996 18:47:36 +0200
                            From: Wolf Dietrich
                   Organization: phase 5 digital products
                            To: cucug@cucug.org
             Subject: News Release / Open answer to Dave Haynie
                                      
  Open answer on Dave Haynie's comments on the current Amiga situation of May
  22
  
    from Wolf Dietrich, General Manager phase 5 digital products, on May
                                   25, 96
                                      
       With interest I have read Dave's comments on the current Amiga
   situation. As we and the Amiga are in a situation where a lot of major
    decisions for the future of this system are to come, I would like to
      answer some of his comments to reflect our position and partial
                         different view of things.
                                      
   First of all, there was no animosity on our part against AT - we just
    wanted to get things going, and so we started the PowerUP project in
      late 95 as AT wasn't giving any view or commitment. We had been
   offering AT all of our support for quite a long time, and continued to
   do so in a situation where there was no development, no resources, no
     vision; what Dave believes to be an animosity was simply the great
      concern that things wouldn't go into the right direction for the
   Amiga. Meanwhile, all development on AT side is cancelled, so there is
       no more cooperation as there is nothing left to cooperate in.
                                      
    But let's get into some technical considerations. First of all, Dave
   states that our software development is kind of a hack. Funny to hear
      that, as he has not seen a single line of code, and also was not
    involved in in-depth discussions about what we are doing. To simply
    state the facts: For our PowerUp program, which's goal is to develop
   PPC upgrade boards for existing Amiga systems, we have re-written Exec
   and Expansion in PPC Natice Code, and two versions of 68k emulators to
   run the rest of the OS out of the system ROM. This is not a kind of a
    hack, but simple the first step which we could realize. Our plan to
      add a PPC native version of CyberGraphX - which has emerged as a
   standard today - is just a software add-on to increase the performance
    of those upgraded systems where parts of the OS have to be emulated.
   This way is not very different from, for example, having a 68040 or a
       68060 library to emulate in software what is different in the
     processor hardware - however, as 68k and PPC have some significant
      differences, it can not simply be realized by a library or a new
           setpatch, but needs a completely re-written, but fully
                         function-compatible Exec.
                                      
    Now getting to the comments on the hardware design. First of all, I
      leave it up to the public to judge if our announced systems are
    overpriced (see http://www.phase5.de/ in the news section); also the
     non-standard argument is missing any fundamental. I know from the
   technology meetings which AT, Motorola and phase5 joined in the recent
      months, that Dave's vision of a new computer is a standard PPRP
     mainboard, with a PPC CPU and a PCI bus and that's it; any idea of
    adding something specific which would have to be developed had been
   rejected by him in these discussions. But, all innovative developments
   today contain some individual parts, mostly in form of FPGAs or ASICs;
      it's the only way to build something that stands out of the mass
     markets. We at phase 5 definitely believe that a new Amiga system
    needs some unique H/W features as it had in the past; just having a
     ported OS running on a standard PPRP system which also runs MacOS,
    WindowsNT, and so on, would be the death of AmigaOS simple as there
    would be no sufficient reason for S/W developers to continue writing
    their code for Amiga OS. But even if Amiga OS would survive for some
   time with some application or shareware support, it would be the death
   of the Vision Amiga which never had been just another PC (no matter if
                    there is a PPC or a Pentium inside).
                                      
   As Dave's comments on the rapid changes of the industry are concerned:
    We know these rapid changes, we live - succesfully - in this world.
    Are chips more complex to design today? Chips are more complex, but
       sophisticated design tools, powerful design workstations, and
     comprehensive functionality libraries are available today for ASIC
   designers. Today it's possible to start *VERY* complex designs on FPGA
    basis and go to the more expensive silicon in certain stages of the
   development. IC processes are *NOT* exponentially more expensive than
      some years ago, at least not for companies who want to do custom
    designs and get strongest support from various ASIC suppliers in the
   world, among them the very big names such as Motorola. Yes, even those
    big ones go together to build new fabs for the next millennium, but
          were we talking about building a next generation IC fab?
                                      
     As a summary of this, let me say the following: It has never been
     easier even for medium-sized companies to develop own, complex and
     demanding custom ICs than today. In such custom designs, visionary
   ideas can be realized cheaper than ever to provide extremely powerful
      products. Yes, by choosing *COMPLETELY* standard system (such as
   fully-assembled PPC mainboards) the cost of a system may be reduced by
   some bucks - but not by hundreds of Dollars. And that's what we, as we
    stated, don't want to do - dropping great concepts and features that
       make up a very special and powerful system to maybe save $25.
                                      
   OK, all practical bits aside, Dave came up with the question what will
    come out in the end. It's as simple as this: A computer that runs a
    PPC OS which is compatible with Amiga OS. Long before this computer
    comes out, *LOTS* of developers who have already joined the PowerUp
   program and are supported by us can prepare their software to make use
     of advanced features of this new OS, while other existing software
    will be running with the current features in 68k emulation. As most
     professional software vendors do support the PowerUp program, PPC
   native apps should be there in a considerable quantity and quality by
      next year - just as, for example, many software companies today
   already support the CyberGraphX standard which has brought an Amiga-OS
     compatible 24-bit engine to all these programs and those users who
             have a hardware that can display 24 bits of color.
                                      
    As a matter of fact, what we are doing is the development for a next
    generation OS which is Amiga compatible. We have decided to move on
   with our projects after we had lost months of futile discussions with
     AT - without those, beta developers today would have the first PPC
    developer boards in their hands. We can't afford to waste more time.
   We do see the problem that the Amiga community can't support multiple
   OSs, and we are absolutely open to discuss these issues with the owner
   of the OS, probably VIScorp, once they have time for us to talk about
   these things. However, Dave Haynie and the new company PIOS, which he
    is working for, must also keep this in mind. It's obviously PIOS, a
     new company, that starts out of nothing (and with no recognizable
   concept or development behing it) and claims for themselves to develop
    and market an OS "which will be recognized by the market as the next
    generation of the former AMIGA OS 3.1." (as read in their web site).
   This leaves a lot of questions open. We had meetings with the PIOS top
    management already, who requested our support and cooperation, so I
    must wonder whether Dave's comments are only given with an intention
   to support PIOS' position in the market. BTW, everybody out there may
       estimate if it is more realistic that an experienced hardware
      manufacturer, holding an established market position, develops a
   powerful custom ASIC based system, or that a startup company wants to
     bring the "ultimate Power Amiga" to life and reach a larger market
             share than Apple Computer in four years from now.
                                      
   phase 5 is very well aware that it will be a big and demanding task to
   write an Amiga-OS compatible PPC OS; however, we have a large team of
   very experienced S/W developers, and we have been working on parts of
      this project for quite some time. While I can not judge how much
    efforts other mentioned companies spent into their projects, we are
    sure to reach our goals with the strong efforts we invest into this
                                  project.
                                      
    To finalize my open answer, I must strictly reject that last comment
   from Dave, which we could see as an affront. We will neither adopt an
   unnamed OS nor will we offer an ugly hack; but much more important, we
     are not "stealing the AmigaOS", as Dave assumes. There are lots of
    peope out there, and companies which these people work for, who have
    been involved closely with Commodore or AT in the past, and do have
    access to proprietary information. We had several negotiations with
        AT, but no final agreements, and we never had any access to
    proprietary information or other proprietary stuff. Dave may address
       his assumptions that someone could steal the AmigaOS into the
   direction of such people mentioned above, but not into ours. Again, I
     strictly reject any statement that includes any such speculation.
                                      
    I hope this statement supports readers building up their own opinion
    of the current situation around the Amiga. phase 5 digital products,
    to reinforce this, is committed to the idea and vision Amiga. We'll
    continue with our project and support for all Amiga developers, fans
     and users. Everybody out there please feel free to mail us her/his
   comments and suggestions for the future of the Amiga and our project.
                                      
                               Wolf Dietrich
                General Manager of phase 5 digital products
                      Amiga-dedicated since the A1000
                                      
                You can contact phase 5 digital products at:
                                      
                            http://www.phase5.de
                               mail@phase5.de
                             aproject@phase5.de
                            Fax +49 6171 583789
                                      
         or by mail to the street address: phase 5 digital products
                                In der Au 26
                          61440 Oberursel, Germany
                                      
                     Return to the Amiga Web Directory
                                      
                                      
     _________________________________________________________________
                                      
                                      
    Champaign-Urbana Commodore Users Group / cucug@cucug.org
