From ad089@FreeNet.Carleton.CA Tue May  3 11:58:27 1994
Newsgroups: comp.sys.amiga.misc
From: ad089@FreeNet.Carleton.CA (Mark Habinski)
Subject: Commodore's Demise, A Dealer's Response
Reply-To: ad089@FreeNet.Carleton.CA (Mark Habinski)
Organization: The National Capital FreeNet
Date: Sun, 1 May 1994 05:50:18 GMT



				Commodore's Liquidation
		                An Amiga Dealer's response:

Well, a sad day has come to pass for all who love the Amiga platform.  As 
you probably know by now, Commodore International has commenced a 
"Voluntary Liquidation" under Bahamian law, and the manufacturer of the 
Machine millions have come to know and love, will soon cease to exist.  
The Doom-Sayers are telling people to sell their Amigas, and buy Macs or 
PC's.  The M. B. 's of the world are rubbing their hands in glee and shout
ing "I told you so" to anyone who will listen; and even some of the most 
loyal Amigans are starting to consider options outside of the platform
they 
have loved so well, and for so long. 

I realize that things look bleak, but I wanted to take a moment to discuss 
why the future is not quite so bad as it may currently appear; why it is
that 
the M.B's of the world will still have a platform to complain about for
years 
to come.

I've been a dedicated Amiga owner and user for 7 years now.  During that 
period I, like many fellow Amigans, have helped literally hundreds of
people 
to see the advantages our platform has to offer, and to take the
appropriate 
steps to meet their own computing needs.  I follow the state of the Amiga 
the world over through electronic channels, and the vast array of
excellent 
magazines around the world that cover it.

I am also an Amiga dealer.  Wonder Computers in Ottawa Canada is one 
of a small number of North American stores dedicated entirely to the Amiga
 
Platform.  We don't just cater to the existing user base either.  We
actively 
bring new people to the platform, be it for Video, Multi-media, Music, 
Animation, Desktop-Publishing, cross-platform compatibility, or any one of 
the many other areas in which our Machines excel.  In the last year,
almost 
30 percent of our business has come from new users enticed to the plat
form.  Many of these people have been converts from rival platforms:  Mac 
Owners, excited by the prospect of something "better than Quick-Time", 
and still able to run all of their existing software thanks to Jim Drew's
excel
lent Emplant; PC owners amazed by the incredible multi-tasking and flex
ible OS.  Many first time computer buyers have been enticed by the Amiga 
1200, with its low price tag, and remarkable out-of-the-box sound and 
graphics.  Through it all, Wonder has remained committed to providing its 
customers with the best possible service and support. 

We use Amigas ourselves in every aspect of our business, (Thanks Best 
Business Management, Gold Disk, Inovatronics, New Horizons, Scala, Soft 
Logik, SoftWood, and the untold other tremendous software companies 
that have provided us with such excellent tools, with which to conduct our 
business).  Then there are the many magnificent hardware companies that 
have contributed to our daily operations, and of course the countless au
thors of FreeWare and Shareware, without whom the Amiga wouldn't be 
nearly as powerful, flexible, or enjoyable as it is today.

The Amiga is an Incredible computer.  Nothing else has such versatility, 
power, and performance.  Nothing else has such a loyal user-base.  And as 
another recently wrote, it is the ONLY computer with a Soul.

There are over five million of us Amiga users on this planet.  We live on ev
ery major continent, speak every major language, and span a vast array of 
cultures and life-styles.  Our computers are used in Schools, Churches, 
Video Studios, Recording Studios, Advertizing Agencies, Colleges and Uni
versities, Broadcasting Companies, Governments, Shopping Malls, Re
search Centers, Theatres, and Sports Facilities.  

We Amigans are Entrepreneurial, Creative, Talented, and full of Gusto.  
Most importantly, our choice of computer indicates that we are not "Sheep" 
buying a machine just because everyone else is.  Without us, the Amiga, 
good as it is, would have died off years ago.  

So, Commodore is gone or going.  Does that mean that we should pack up 
our machines?  I say, NO!  Even without a Commodore, there are hun
dreds of other companies that will continue to support we 5 million and
our 
Billions of purchasing dollars.  NewTek, Utilities Unlimitted, GVP, CSA, 
DKB, Power Computing, Macro Systems, Centaur, and the host of other 
hardware manufacturers are certain to continue producing new and excit
ing products for us for years to come.

Wonder Computers and dealers like it will continue to support their dedi
cated users, and try to provide the product and service required by an ac
tive and flourishing platform.  

And this is just the beginning.  It is likely that another company or
group of 
investors will pick up the Amiga torch from the falling hands of Commodore 
and continue producing existing machines, and designing new and better 
ones.  The Engineers let go by Commodore may still be interested in 
pursuing new development of the platform, and if not, others can be found 
who will.

Some Dealers will leave the platform, some users will sell their machines, 
and some software/hardware companies may well stop supporting the 
Amiga as well, but as I see it, this is simply the separating of wheat
>from 
chaff.  The dedicated Amigans in all aspects of the system will stay true
to 
their platform, and continue to stride towards that all-elusive goal of com
puting perfection.

We have already survived against adversity, we are used to being in the 
minority, we are at ease with our role as computing  missionaries; and
best 
of all we are not SHEEP!

Here's to the Amiga 5000, by whomever makes it!

And here's a promise that Wonder Computers, at least, will continue sup
porting the Amiga and its users for years to come!!



-- 
   _____           _
  ( \ \ \      /__/ )     |
     \ \ \ark_/  /abinski | 
                          |

