From: jcompton@flood.xnet.com
To:   All
Subj: Where Things Stand 7/10
Date: 10 Jul 1996 06:37:19
Area: comp.sys.amiga.misc

Path:
news-master!newsfeed.concentric.net!news.texas.net!news.kei.com!newsfeed.interne
tmci.com!news.xnet.com!jcompton
From: jcompton@flood.xnet.com (Jason Compton)
Newsgroups: comp.sys.amiga.misc
Subject: Where Things Stand 7/10
Date: 10 Jul 1996 06:37:19 GMT
Organization: XNet - A Full Service Internet Provider - (708) 983-6064
Lines: 52
Message-ID: <4rvj2v$8ii@flood.xnet.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: monsoon.xnet.com
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]

I'm not going to make a habit of form-lettering people.  But since I've 
been out of the action for a week, I thought a quick status-report might 
be appreciated.


Where Things Stand 7-10-96

As some of you know, I've been on vacation for the better part of the 
past week, so I've missed a lot of excitement and haven't been responding 
to mail and news outbreaks.  So here's an encapsulated version of the 
answers to the burning questions of the hour...

Q1.  Does VIScorp own the Amiga yet?

A1.  Not yet.  The sale has been agreed to by VIScorp CEO Bill Buck and 
Escom CEO Helmut Jost, but the agreement is undergoing final review by 
the boards of directors of both companies.  When this can be completed, 
VIScorp will own the Amiga.

Q2.  Just where do things stand between VIScorp and Escom now that Escom's 
financial situation is changing?

A2.  VIScorp's intentions remain unchanged.  There is still an agreement 
in place to purchase Amiga Technologies and the Amiga intellectual 
property from Escom.  VIScorp CEO Bill Buck is presently in Germany, 
continuing the final negotiations.  The terms of payment are being 
renegotiated as a result of the Escom announcements, but the deal is 
still proceeding.  VIScorp is committed to obtaining the Amiga.

Q3.  Who can I talk to at VIScorp and get my Amiga-related questions 
answered?

A3.  General corporate inquiries should be directed to Florine Radulovic, 
Director of Communications at VIScorp.  Ms. Radulovic is reachable at 
fradulovic@aol.com.  For Amiga-specific questions, you can contact the 
following VIScorp staff members:

For technical and development questions, contact Eric Laffont at 
elaffont@pratique.fr.

For questions and proposals involving new business with VIScorp, contact 
Al Duncan, c/o Florine Radulovic at fradulovic@aol.com.

For sales inquiries, contact Rick McCabe at impact@wco.com.

For general Amiga inquiries, contact Jason Compton at jcompton@xnet.com.


--
Jason Compton                                  jcompton@xnet.com
Communications Manager, VIScorp


