
   Important:
  ------------

 ° HARDWARE UPDATE!!! Since V1.40 MCControl  supports  a  little  hardware
   update!  The  old  hardware  stays  compatible, but you should add this
   little bridge to make your  hardware  as  fast  a  possible!  For  more
   information on the hardware change consult the FAQ section!

 ° English isn´t my prefered writing language. So if you find errors  (and
   you will), then let me know!

 ° I´am searching the following games for my PlayStation:

   Bubble Bobble2
   Dance Dance Revolution
   Rescue Shots
   
   If you wanna sell one or more of these games, then let me  know!  Other
   offers are welcome!

   Just a small warning: Under normal circumstances I only buy games for a
   maximum  of  15 Euro. Just try to sell your games in a second hand shop
   and you´ll realize that my  price  is  quite  good.  I  just  setup  my
   personal  limit  and  in  the  most cases there is no way to break this
   limit! The most games I own were much cheaper. Some of  them  were  new
   games sold by a local game store for a price within my limit.


   Wichtig:
  ----------

 ° NEUE HARDWARE! Seit V1.40 unterstützt MCControl eine  Änderung  an  der
   Hardware!  Die  alte  Hardware bleibt voll kompatibel, aber Sie sollten
   die kleine Brücke einlöten um die maximale  Geschwindigkeit  auf  ihren
   Karten  rauszuholen!  Weitere  Informationen zur Modifikation entnehmen
   Sie den "Tips, Tricks, Fragen und Antworten" (FAQ) Seiten!

 ° Ich suche noch folgende Spiele für die PlayStation:
 
   Bubble Bobble2
   Dance Dance Revolution
   Rescue Shots

   Wenn Sie eines oder  mehrere  dieser  Spiele  verkaufen  möchten,  dann
   lassen  Sie es mich wissen. Angebote anderer Spiele sind natürlich auch
   willkommen.

   Kleine Vorwarnung: Ich kaufe normalerweise nur Spiele  bis  maximal  15
   Euro!  Wenn man das mit dem Betrag den man beim Verkauf eines aktuellen
   Spiels in einem SecondHand-Laden bekommt vergleicht, dann sind damit 15
   Euro sehr gut! Ich hab mir halt ein persönliches Limit gesetzt, das ich
   nur sehr selten überschreite. Die meisten meiner Spiele  haben  weniger
   als  15  Euro gekostet. Einige sogar weit darunter und gleichzeitig neu
   aus dem Laden!
  
