Presentation manual for Commodore CDTV

THE COMMODORE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER`S POINT OF VIEW.

For Commodore, the CDTV represents the continuation of a increasing 
technological progresses tradition.
Commodore changed people`s way of thinking of computers, with products like
the C64 and the Amiga family sistems.
Today in the world there are more than 10 millions of C64s and more than 2
millions of Amiga systems.
I have been actively involved, since its conception, in CDTV development.
Personally, I think that the CDTV, like the video-recorder in the last 10
years, will change deeply our information channels.
Part of my trust in CDTV, as a new product in the "consumer" kind, comes
from my insistence in making the CDTV as a product based on the affirmed
Amiga technology and, thing even more important, as a product that even
I can use.
Since last 25 years my main aim has been the development of a powerful
product, involving and easy to use for everyone who thinks that using a
computer is a must-to-do experience.
I am glad to announce that CDTV reached this simple but basic technic
requirement.
The simply usage has been the first step to reach our primary aim of
helping, with the CDTV, in completing and encouraging the human process
of comprehension.
The CDTV works in a intuitive level, due to its transparent technology.
Since a CD is inserted in the caddy, the attention is paid to the
contents and the applications;NOT to the attempt of making the device work!!
The CDTV starts a new era for the consumer electronic and computer Companies,
defining  their natural and inevitable convergence.
The CDTV integrates the total Amiga chips functionalities with the high
storage capacity and quality of CDs, and everything in a single fine-design
device.
The CDTV starts the Interactive Multimediality era; this word has soon become
the password of the 90`s for everyone who operates in the computer industry,
in the publishing and in its connected sectors, in information and entertain
ment.
WHAT IS CDTV?
Simply the natural connecting of a smart home product,with real control
over your TV, with the other electronic rooms of your house, with a new kind
of CDs which contain audio,graphics,video and texts.
As the videorecorder and the films did in the 80`s, the CDTV and the
Interactive Multimediality will mark the 90`s.
The CDTV is starting an era that will offer to people the power of computers
without their complexity, allowing the access to some of the more sophistica-
ted and entertaining applications in the world.
Everything easy and enjoyable with the ONLY use of a simple infra-red
remote control and with.....a surprising price.
With Interactive Multimediality we shall change the concept itself of
teaching, of entertainment, of work and game.
Will be available,in fact,new ways of information for home, for
personal growth,for musical applications, for the entertainment, for
artistic applications.
Schools,for example, will get new tools, new courses, libraries and
didactics helps just with a key-press;modules should be created to do on
home TV the homework assigned at school.
The CDTV is the ideal tool also for the work world;either sells or technic
department or a Company assistance will become more efficient thanks to
CDTV`s interactivity that for example,gives the possibility to create
information points for the sell point, product demonstrations,or -why not-
organize the training for the selling power.
The CDTV and the richful growing Multimedia industry will force us to
redefine our traditional acknowledgements about communicating,teaching and
the entertainment.
In the process we will create a new code based on sounds,images,texts and 
capacity that will help us in defining more accurately the human experience.
Commodore has been one of the first Companies recognizing that a product,
to get success, must be the more international possible;the CDTV is really
an international product.
In fact it has been designed with the needs of the world`s main technology
companies in mind;simply by changing the power supply cable the CDTV can
operate in NTCS,Super NTCS,PAL or monitor standards,all around the world.
Also the titles now available demonstrate this global approach;first, those
titles have been published by the best world developers and,second,many 
titles will be available in various languages,all around the world.

                                           Irving Gould


THE HIGH-END OBJECTIVES

The high-end objectives that Commodore set for the CDTV are, mainly, the 
develop of a interactive multimedia solution for a certain number of 
different markets.
The principles of multimediality and interactivity fit well to solutions
about entertainment and amuse, education and company presentations, about
communications in the sell points and information systems: for mass-markets,
for niche and vertical ones. With the CDTV launching Commodore finds itself
facing up new areas like the consumer electronic and publishing ones.
Those elements will help in making Company offer more smooth and complete,
thanks to major presence than first Commodore one, who presented 
information technology products.
As the developers and other partners involved in the CDTV project start
changing their Commodore vision, a new generation of multimedial interactive
products will start which will help the comprehension method of human mind;
therefore they should make a rich titles and applications library, able to
offer creative solutions that will change in many way people`s life.
Moreover, the Company is intended to let other manufacturers borrow the
base-CDTV system license; this will have a massive impact on the market.
In this way Commodore will guarantee a firmed and common positioning,
from the geographic point of view,over all the markets so to get a big slice
in the market it pointed at.

THE 	LOW-END OBJECTIVES

The initial effort represents the first step to get to the high-end
objectives.
During this phase our aim is to develop a good distribution net trough
those entrepreneurs better demonstrating the product and having the right
profile and the target of their selling-points frequenters.
Those dealers talented in actively showing the product, situated in city
crucial points, can make this innovative consumer kind sensitive,being the
first in purchasing the product.
Often this kind of consumer buys a new product not pretending a particular
kind of applications, simply pretending to be the "first in line".
Actual limitation of interesting titles will not be a problem for this
kind of consumers, some of them probably already have an Amiga 500, so they
can easily keep on purchasing Commodore offers.
Good press and public-relationships with a mass public will give the ability
to focalize Commodore role as a rising peak in this market,thanks to CDTV
and compact disks.
In a sinergic way,then, highly selective advertising campaigns, such as
promotions will attract the first purchasers, pointing on the new life style
suggested by CDTV.
During the launch phase will be basically important expose the titles near
the CDTV itself to let people know and to avoid confusion so to get the
top impact and the top effect.

HOW TO POSITION THE CDTV AS INTERACTIVE MULTIMEDIA PRODUCT

Product Positioning

We need to distinguish between the CDTV system positioning,for it we have
a total-control license, and the titles positioning,having less control.
CDTV positioning,besides, should consider four well defined kind of
addressees:
     # consumers
	# entrepreneurs world (both existing and potential)
	# developers (both existing and potential)
	# anyone in industry and commercial world who can support this market

The right-positioning directives should be used in various contests and
should be dense,believable and compatible.The right-positioning directives
should consider these considerations:
1>Commodore is the first Company in consumer market having an interactive
multimedia CD reader.The system bypassed the historical division between
consumer electronic products and computers, isolated in different market
segment.
2>Our high-end expectations for the product should not transpare in low-end
and in the launch phase,because of the development delay for the most
interesting titles.
3>We should not create confusion among consumers talking about formats-war;
we must avoid any comparison with Philips CD-I
4>Consumer electronic products from other companies will be price competitive.


POSITIONING DIRECTIVES


The Commodore CDTV is the first in a new consumer electronic products
generation, an interactive multimedia system for home and school,which makes
possible the exciting combination of Hi-Fi sound and moving images,between
text and graphic,and all viewable on home TV.
CDTV uses a new CD type that suggests entertainment for oneself or for,
for learning and entertainment in front of the TV.
Normal audio CDs can also be heard with astonishing results.
CDTV is easily connected either to TV or Hi-Fi so to choose and control a
new world made of sounds and images and,like in a trip,to explore with
just a remote control streets and cities searching interesting pieces of
information directly from the disk.
CDTV is an interactive system,in fact lets the user intervene in an active
way in what wants to view or hear choose.
Contrary to what happens, for example, for prepackaged programs as TV ones,
seen passively,with CDTV anyone is free to choose the argument and to deepen
even the littlest details.
TV lets us just to change channels;CDTV system instead will upset our way to
view or hear in the next 10 years and over.

THE CDTV COMPARED TO OTHER COMMODORE PRODUCTS

CDTV is directly derived by Commodore Amiga microcomputers series and is
perceived by many Company internals as an associated product or like a "sister"
Commodore is not intended to consider it in this way in positioning in the
great consumers`market.
We are intended,anyway, to satisfy the may Amiga owners needs (we suppose
they will be more than 3 millions when CDTV launch will end); for this
we are developing a CD-Rom as an Amiga peripheral.
The advantage in having a large installed Amiga systems base is that the
software developers can create CDTV titles with the tranquillity an the 
security to count on a large market that asks new titles, even if
a CDTV owners critical point has been reached.
Some Company sectors think that CDTV launch will help in reinforcing
Commodore reputation as game-only computer maker, and this fact can
damage the strategy that wants to get a significant PCs market part.Surely
this will not happen if CDTV marketing, if every Commodore filial will
work professionally and in a consistent way.
CDTV system can,instead,help really a lot in creating a Commodore image as
an innovative leader in multimedia development.


INTERACTIVE MULTIMEDIALITY TECHNIQUES


The combination of CDTV and compact disk titles allows a two-way 
communication process between the device and the individual or the group
using the device.
The communication to the user occurs through a combination of sounds
(trough TV or Hi-Fi speakers) and monitor or TV images.Using,in fact,a
video menu or intuitive icons series, CDTV  applications allow the user to
put questions and get answers. The audio output can be indifferently a
digitized sound,thanks to its internal chips, or a sound took directly from
compact disk.
These sounds can be mixed and integrated, according to the required
communication requests of the application and to the disk available capacity.
The quality of the audio stuff on the disk may vary according to stuff
quantity; the higher the quality will be, the smaller will be the length.
The higher quality level, with 16-bit stereo sound is reached thanks to
the typical audio CDs 44.1 Mhz (Note From Translator: shouldn`t be "Khz"??)
oversampling.With these quality levels the maximum reachable is 74 minutes.
With the lowest quality level,that is,in 4 Mhz (NFT:again???) monophony,
28 execution hours are possible.
The CDTV video output is the same of the Amiga 500 one.
Particularly, the CDTV produces a 512 vertical lines video image, with 50hz
frequency in the PAL version.
This image is generated by a dynamic video co-processor,(known as blitter),
that can produce and move complex and coloured images on the screen.
All this is supported by a 1mb video memory and by 8 sprites per scanning;
the results are:

320x256 PIXELS,not interlaced,with 32 colors or 4096 in HAM mode
320x512 PIXELS,interlaced,with 32 colors or HAM
640x256 PIXELS,high resolution,up to 16 colors
640x512 PIXELS,high resolution,up to 16 colors

This technology can pruduce the following multimedial techniques:

TEXT			40,80 and 120 rows per line
GRAPHICS		bit-mapped images
COLOUR PHOTOS	bit-mapped digitized
ANIMATION		16 frames per second
MOTION VIDEO	in CDXL mode, on 1/3 of screen, at 12-15 frames per second

Answers to CDTV communications are possible in many ways:
INFRARED REMOTE CONTROL
Can be used to move an arrow on the screen and choose an icon, either to
move over buttons to choose an option.
INFRARED JOYSTICK
Allows a more accurate control in positioning with the arrow or over other
icons.
CABLE OR INFRARED KEYBOARD
For many-text-requiring communications;querty kind or with others fonts sets.
MIDI INTERFACE FOR MIDI PERIPHERALS USAGE.
Musical applications can become interactive thanks to the possibility to
connect the CDTV,trough MIDI IN port,to musical instruments, for example
a MIDI (Musical Instruments Digital Interface) keyboard.
OTHER I/O PORTS:SERIAL,PARALLEL,FLOPPY DISK DRIVE.



CDTV TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

PRODUCT
CDTV=Commodore Dynamic Total Vision

Processor/Speed
Motorola 68000 16/32 bit 7.14Mhz

Co-processor
3 custom chips (Agnus,Paula,Denise) ensure to the system video,sound and
graphic performances

CD-ROM DRIVE
Sony or Philips type in Mode 1,Mode 2 standard with a minimum access time of
0.5 seconds,maximum 0.8 seconds;for CD-ROMs,CD+Audio ad CD+Graphic in
ISO-9660 standard. Disk storage capacity 650MB
CD AUDIO
8xoversampling.Audio Output 1.4 RMS, 10 K OHM
			Response frequency 4-20 Khz
			Channels separation -92db
			Harmonic Distortion 0.02% at 1Khz
			Top audio capacity 28 hours in AM
			Sample rates from 44Khz to 6 Khz
			Dual 16 bit D/A converter more than 64 attenuation levels

REAR PORTS
Stereo headphones jack.Personal memory card port.

VIDEO OUTPUT
Analogic and Digital RGB.PAL composite.RF modulation.
Genlock optional (CDTV,video or mixed)

VIDEO DISPLAY
512 lines /vertical frequency 50Hz.Maximum video chip memory=1Mb
4096 colours palette, 8 sprites per scanning.

EXPANSION PORTS
Intelligent video port for optional genlock and RF card
25 pins connector.DMA slot for SCSI,LAN,etc.



CDTV TITLES

CDTV uses many kinds of compact disks.

CD AUDIO
Is possible to use actual CDs that offer a big range of titles for family
entertainment.
CDTV is the only device able to choose any hear or search option simply
with the panel on the TV screen.
Audio CD sector represents a massively improving sector,even if in many
European countries reactions are different;anyway represents a key sector
in consumer electronic market.

CD+G (GRAPHIC)
Are those CDs sold in records stores that give not just a stereo sound,
but also,using a CD channel,images that may be artist photos,singer or group
biography, much more than what traditional records offer.
Very interesting is the use of these CDs with lyric operas;in fact while
hearing music trough Hi-Fi,on TV appear the opera booklet texts.

CD MIDI

With these CD is possible to let musical instruments connected to the CDTV
trough MIDI port, to play recorded music.
This feature makes the CDTV similar to a sequencer able to generate
musical tracks mixing sound from another CDTV or a musical computer.

Multimedial CDTV CDs

The CDs for CDTV are based on ISO-9660 standard for data archiving on CD-ROM
at a sub-DOS level on an optical disk.Not all CD.ROMs may be viewed on CDTV,
however,and this is a operative system feature, it is able to search and read
CD-ROMs made on various systems.The CDTV is on of these CD-ROM system.
CDTV uses a big range of multimedial techniques like text,graphics,sound,
animations etc.User can interact with the system using a remote control or
the MIDI port, or with the many options allowed by the rear ports,totally
similar to the Amiga ones.CDTV can be genlocked with an external video source
so to become a video workstation.Is also possible to connect a keyboard,with
or without cable,to get major functionalities in text applications.
The main and ideal arguments for CDTV can be grouped in large areas:
ART AND FREE TIME
TEACHING/LEARNING
ENTERTAINMENT
MUSIC
CULTURE

PHOTO CDs
Thanks to a very recent Commodore and Kodak partnership,our CDTV will
exclusively be able to read Kodak Photo CDs.It is a new,original system that
lets to store photos on a particular CD so to view them on home TV connected
to the CDTV.
Soon we will be able to give our rollers,negative or positive to Kodak labs
to store up to 100 photos on a CD so to view them at home.

CD XL
This is the last novelty in CD fact.Thanks to a particular process is now
possible to have moving colour images;this opens new horizons to the CDTV
applications;in fact these can be integrated with movies of every kind,
from didactics to entertainment.


PRODUCT STRATEGY


The CDTV marks the convergence between computers producers and consumer
electronic producers,introducing,therefore, a new products category.
Commodore intention is to make CDTV the standard for the CD-ROM great
multimedial market.Even if our attention is paid mainly to consumer market,
we shall not underestimate other important markets like school,training,sel
ling points and specialized business if we want an insured success.
Following are the specific areas where we shall move to reach the mid-end
objectives.

1)Reduction of the basic CDTV system price.
2)CDTV accessories development,an expanded and updated version.Development is
already planned to allow a major presence in stores and product variation.
3)License agreements.Many contacts with some of the most important
companies interested in producing under license the CDTV are on work.
4)Constant and regular new titles production.
5)CD performances enhancing.
  On work are several solution to enhance CD performances, like CDXLs that
  allow a limited motion on a screen portion.

These factors together will help in strategically positioning the product
and in representing Commodore as an emerging and innovative company in
electronic sector.Besides will help in marking with CDTV the "de facto"
standard in the big CD-ROMs market.


THE COMPETITORS


As a new product category,Commodore interactive  multimedial CDTV system
presents itself in the market without direct concurrents.

"CD-I" (INTERACTIVE-COMPACT-DISK)
Philips,with an other electronic producers`passive support, started
proposing a full-screen full-motion-based system with a VHS-like quality.
Philips hasn`t yet reached and will not reach this aim.
Philips plans to release in the autumn of `91 a cheap  CD-I system with about
40 titles. When releasing it will not have the MPEG full-motion-video
standard.System price will be approximately 1.800.000 Italian lires, CDs
price isn`t known at the moment

HOME COMPUTERS
Amiga 500 and the recent low-end home computers proposed by IBM and Apple
(with or without CD-ROM) represent a different products line that will
only indirectly represent a valid competition.These products are planned
for different functions (word processing,spreadsheets) and are usually
positioned in other home rooms and gain a different ergonomic relation for
the user who operates at half a meter from the monitor while he stays
2/3 meters from the TV connected to CDTV.

VIDEO GAMES
Major authorities in videogames theme already foresaw a big sells reduction,
mainly in American market and particularly Nintendo. But the new 16-bit
generation systems will propose some interesting news for the 1991 
pre-Christmas period

CD-BASED GAMES MACHINES FROM SONY/NINTENDO
Those products have been recently announced to press but the technical
features are unknown and prototypes still don`t exist.
With these potential competitors is important to remind that the CDTV
advantage is given by its big benefits that it can offer from the point of
view of audio (CD,CD+G,CD-MIDI) , of games (with sprites and blitter)
of encyclopedic works (thanks to the big storage capacity and to the
multimediality) and of the telecommunications (thanks to a modem port and to
the expansions that will make it a real computer)



CDTV PACKAGE CONTAINS
In the CDTV package you will find the following things:
#The CDTV itself
#The remote control with 2 batteries
#The instructions sheet for the first connection
#A "caddy" to protect your CDs and a welcome disk
#Three cables;one for electric supply,one for RF-type antenna TV connection
for the PAL version and a stereo one for monitor connection.
Optionally is available a SCART-SCART connection cable.


ACCESSORIES FOR CDTV
Available at the launch:

CD1400 CD caddy;two black caddies set to house and protect the multimedial
CDs the CD-ROMs and the audio CDs.

Available in `91 summer:

CD1200 trackball:trackball lets a more accurate and fast choice among the
arguments proposed from the most interactive titles that need immediate
responses.Thanks to two jacks is  possible to connect the actual joysticks.
It`s available either in cable or infrared version.

CD1252 infrared mouse:
It`s a cableless two buttons mouse,with batteries who lets to use CDTV from
far,making easier the on-screen objects search.

CD1300/CD1301 video genlock:
Genlock allows to mix CDTV graphic with images from a videocamera,from a
videorecorder or from broadcast TV channels to save then on a normal
videorecorder.The genlock can be used in a video-only mode,in a CDTV+Video
combined mode or in a CDTV-only mode.
It can be controlled from the remote and fits well for many home or industrial
applications; either NTCS or PAL versions will be available.


Other accessories available in the future will be:

CD1410 Speakers:a couple of stereo speakers with built-in amplifiers and
connecting cables.

CD1401/CD1405 Personal Memory Cards: these memory cards are very useful to
store data to use later. For example is possible to store a game position
or points,to select images or text.Either in 64Kb or 256Kb version.

CD1210: Game Controller: this infrared transmitter has two ports to connect
joysticks;includes battery and optional connecting cables.



DEVELOPERS SUPPORT PROGRAM.

CDTV developers are supported directly from the Special Projects Group of
West Chester with an information package published every 6/8 weeks which
contains specific technical informations for CDTV background.
About 100 CDTV have been given in use to the developers with the relative
tools i.e. the compression utilities.Commodore spent a lot either in titles
developed under CDTV-Publishing mark or third-parts ones.In some countries
Commodore acts like a not exclusive distributor for many titles developers
in the aim of introducing the titles in the same CDTV distribution channel.
Every title developer has the same kind of manufacturing to guarantee an
uniform look.


DISTRIBUTION STRATEGY

The store must be chosen accurately and should have these characteristics:
-an area to do individual presentations and demonstrations.
-areas with the possibility to connect the CDTV with a TV and a complex
hi-fi with interactive demos running.
-a selling area to expose and sell CDTV titles
-selling personnel able to answer about features,applications and main CDTV
competitors.

The shopkeeper should become the reference point for people who will buy the
CDTV.

SELLING ARGUMENTS

For Commodore is important to set a right sell policy to be proposed to
shopkeepers.In many situations Commodore will sell the CDTV to shopkeepers
who have never dealed with Commodore and have never sold anything like
the CDTV.This kind of shopkeeper uses to have contacts with TV,HI-FI,
videorecorders,reproducers etc. suppliers, therefore it`s important to help
them in correctly defining the CDTV role.
Selling arguments can be resumed as follows:
* Commodore is  an affirmed company in the area of formation and learning
camps in family sphere and has developed a new product, the CDTV,fruit of
a big experience,that will let you get significant facturate and profit
slices.
* The CDTV system will let you,as distributors, to enlarge your business
range in the entertainment area with educative scopes for all the family
without big investments on the way of seeing it, and this new business will
become,for you, always bigger in the next years.
* The CDTV system introduces a new interactive multimediality concept
trough a combination of new generation CD players and a new  kind of
Compact Disks. Our player,connected to home TV offers words and images,
and connected to Hi-Fi system, the sound;in fact the CDTV reads the normal
audio CDs,the CDs plus graphic and the MIDI CDs
This lets you give concrete answers with a SINGLE CD player to your
potentials in learning,games and entertainment themes.


SUM OF THE MAIN BUYING MOTIVATIONS

As the CDTV is not intended from the public like a computer, the reasons to
buy it will be different from the ones  of every other product first sold
from Commodore.Following are some of the motivations who will determine
a CDTV purchase.

PRICE
The price is in line with the price of other consumer electronic products
(for example a 21" colour TV)
Other producers are going to release similar products in this price range
to be in line with purchaser economic capacity.

AVAILABILITY
The relatively easy availability of alternative products will allow the
potential purchaser to wait for their launch in stores;therefore the
request should not be stimulated if the product is not available in the store.

STYLE AND DESIGN
Consumer electronic products are similar to home furniture and are very
visible,so to the consumer won`t see an antiestethic product with cables
and electric accessories in view;the CDTV fits perfectly in the furniture.

EXPLANATION OF THE PRODUCT AND OF ITS BENEFITS
Usually consumers aren`t experts and the shopkeeper should guide them,
paying attention to not give too technical informations to avoid client
confusion.

QUALITY
Qualitative standards are usually very important for the consumer.

SERVICE AND SUPPORT
It`s important to offer a very good service after the purchase.

TITLES
Should be exposed and sold with the CDTV to make the consumer see either
titles availability and importance,variety and creativity.
In the future CDTV titles can be sold also in book and music stores.

THE SHOPKEEPER
May vary from the little Hi-Fi seller to the stores of mass selling.
The little shopkeeper usually has qualified personnel with a good
product knowledge,interested in satisfying the Buyer.
Big selling chains,instead, are used to manage a big range of products,and
usually the personnel has a very low product knowledge,and doesn't
insist much,without incentives from the director or the producers.

THE CONSUMER
Normally has got no technical knowledge and,in the shop,may easily be
influenced by the seller and can change his mind about either the product
or the model.



IDEAL CONSUMER PROFILE
Families with 6-15 years children and well-off youths.

Age				22-35 years
Sex				mainly males
Socioecon.Level	self-employed/clerks
Consumers			Own 2 or more colour TVs,Hi-Fi,
				audio systems,buy regularly electronic
				products,are well informed on the
				new technologies
Home comp.possess.  May have a computer,but it is not a
				prerequisite,or may have had a computer
				in the past;may be Amiga users.
Other possessions	Change car every 3 years
				Buy CDs or videos for more than
				10 titles/year
How they buy		Look for new products
				Look for an active dialogue with the
				selling personnel
				Look on prochures to get information
				about the product
Life style		Innovators,leaders,thinkers.
				Active and interested in their hobbies
				Sporting mans,travellers,specialized press
				readers,steady Televiewer

WHY BUY A CDTV?

"I decided to buy a Commodore CDTV because i want to improve the experience
i can get from my TV and my Hi-Fi system.I want be able to learn
interesting subjects like story,stranger languages and then i want to have
qualified experiences with musical applications.
I also want be able to see the new CDs with graphic and connect my
electronic keyboard to the CDTV to play my preferred music.More,all my
family can see discs on CDTV"



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

Q. How much time a new title development requires?

A. Obviously depends on the matter of the title and on the quality and
   quantity of the original stuff.For example, the Grolier Encyclopedia
   needed relatively little time, thinking at the project aim: three months to
   trace more than 9 millions of words, many thousands of images and more
   than a hour of audio.
   This has been possible because all the elements was already available in
   electronic format.
   The work requires to draw and code an user interface,to convert the
   existing searching-engine and to test the results;in other conditions
   this work this work will have needed years of work.

Q. What is the CDTV?

A. The CDTV is one of the first systems of a new generation of consumer
   electronic products;it's a sophisticated CD audio and video player to
   be connected to the TV and to the Hi-Fi.
   The CDTV reads a new kind of CDs for personal and familiar entertainment
   for learning and entertainment programs.
   Audio CDs and CD+Graphic also are played with superb results.The choice of
   interesting informations,images and sounds is made with JUST an infra-red
   remote control.

Q. What's the meaning of "interactive"?

A. The CDTV is an interactive system because who uses it becomes active in
   the choice of what he wants to see or hear.Instead of passively look at
   a pre-defined spectacle,the user can choose the most important 
   arguments and deep at own liking.
   Interactive means,besides,involving and stimulating one's creativity to
   get new ways.

Q. How does it work?Is it easy to use?

A. Commodore designed the CDTV so to make it easy to use;in fact
   is sufficient connect the CDTV to the TV,then the audio cables to the
   right and left speakers of your Hi-Fi,and then insert the CD in the
   reader and follow the instructions that will appear on the TV.

Q. How much data can be stored in a CD?

A. The CDTV CDs can store more than 650 Megabytes of digital datas,which is
   pair to about 250.000 text pages and thousands of colour images.The storage
   of memorizable informations depends on the proportion between sound and
   moving or not images.

Q. What is the price of a CDTV

A. The public selling price,at the launch, is 1.300.000 (NFT:Italian) lires
   including remote control,caddy to protect the CDs,audio/video  connections
   cables and welcome disk.

Q. Why a caddy is needed?

A. Because those new CDs require a major precision in the header alignment
   from the laser compared to normal audio CDs and even the fingerprints
   may interfere in reading the datas.
   The caddy ensures protection and precision for reading mechanism.

Q. How much will the discs cost?

A. From 25 to 90 thousands (Italian) lires due to the content;obviously
   an encyclopedia will cost more than a recipe-book

Q. The CDTV can be transformed in a Amiga-like home computer?

A. Certainly yes, but being a consumer electronic product made to stay in the
   room where usually there is the TV and the Hi-Fi,we don't think that many
   people will expand the CDTV functions.
   Will be possible buy accessories like the trackball, a special remote
   control to put on the armchair where to connect one or two joysticks or a
   keyboard.

Q. Which discs will be available?

A. At the launch more than 40 titles will be available,with arguments from
   the medical dictionary to recipe-books,from astronomy treatise to the
   world atlas, from the science manuals, to art and culture ones.There will
   also be a big availability of CD+graphic.

Q. Which languages will be available for the titles?

A. This is the first product that allows to have multilingual versions of
   the same title on the same disk.This means lower prices for the consumer
   and the possibility to have the same title available at the same time in
   many countries.The first titles are in English version,but the developers
   are already working in the realization of titles in many languages;
   now 6 titles are available in Italian

Q. Which is the quality level of the audio side of the CDTV?

A. The CD audio is a 16 bit 8xoversampling,it means that it is a good player
   that will be the natural complement of your actual Hi-Fi system.If have
   in the past bought a CD player, you'll see that the CDTV will give you a
   better quality;moreover,the image on the screen will let you program
   more easily the track you want to hear.

Q. What's the difference between CDTV and Philips CD-I?

A. First of all,Commodore has already launched either the CDTV and the
   titles,Philips,hasn't!
   The CDTV is the result of advanced and proved technologies:
   an operative system,a CD-ROM drive and an infrared remote control.
   The product has been amply tested before the launch,the prices of the
   titles are acceptable and there is a big developers community who has
   hundreds of experience years on Commodore systems.

Q. Will CDTV have full-screen full motion video?

A. At this moment this possibility is limited to a screen portion,that,for
   the new interactive titles,satisfies any need,even the more creative one.
   The full motion video will be available in next future,when the 
   international standard for compression,in developing phase by MPEG,will be
   defined.Anyway,we don't think the full motion video to be essential,but
   to be a more feature.
   But when will be available,there will be no problems to make the CDTV
   compatible with the new needs.

Q. Does the CDTV support the MIDI Interface?

A. The CDTV is fully MIDI compatible and has a built-in in and out MIDI
   interface.
   Even the not musician expert can make his electronic keyboard play,for
   example,the preferred music,using  all the keyboard features.

Q. What is the personal memory card function?

A. Its usage is limited just by the user's inventive for the many
   applications of the programs.First of all it is portable,thus allows to
   bring everywhere a game status or points,preferences,a keyword to stop
   other's access etc...
   This board can be used to edit big information quantities to "block"
   part of the infomations.For example a database can be sold on a CD at
   120.000 lires; with a cost 30.000 with a personal memory card (part of a
   set of 5 ones) is possible to access a fifth of the informations.In this
   way a price demolition is got,and the user can buy just the interesting
   part of informations.
