
How to clean out a keyboard
============================
by Gnome: Sysop Moonlight BBS, Bedford UK.  Revised Vn.2


This article is based on my experience with fixing "dodgy" keys for a
CBM64, an A500 and an A4000.  The methods are the same for all
keyboards that have a plastic membrane under the keys:  and I believe
this is true of the A1200, though the cable connection to the membrane
is different.

Don't try to get the tops off keys unless you have good reason.  And be
aware that there are springs under each key-top, which can jump out.
Key-tops can be carefully prised off with a very small screwdriver.

There is normally no need to remove a key-top unless the top or the
spring is damaged.

Clean keys with a damp cloth & a little washing-up liquid.  A friend of
mine uses foam bathroom cleaner which he says is "magical".  Do this at
your own risk!

In these notes you will often see the word "membrane".  This is a thin
sheet of flexible plastic.  On one side is a printed circuit, mostly
covered by a plastic varnish, with 2 contact pads which go under each
key "plunger" (the movable key contact).

On some keyboards (e.g.  A1200) there is a continuation of the membrane
which forms a flat, thin connector cable to the computer.  This fits
into a plug-in socket in the computer. Remove this very gently if you
have to dismantle the keyboard, as once the membrane is damaged there
is little you can do for it except find a replacement keyboard.


1.0 The symptoms
----------------
Most keyboard problems are caused by dirt accumulating on the contacts.
Some of this dirt may be carbon dust from the keyboard plungers.  Also, the
rubber plunger contacts can become "polished" and they look shiny when they
should look dull.  Such problems are usually quite easy to fix.

Symptoms of a keyboard needing hardware repair or replacement are:-


1.1  The keyboard is dead

 The caps lock light may wink. This indicates a fault in one of the
onboard chips - if these are fitted, as they are on an A500 or A4000.
I don't know what is on an A1200.

  Caps lock winking comes in groups:  for example, 2 winks - pause - 2
winks etc.  What documents I have for keyboard troubles say that the
winks mean, on an A500 ..

  1 wink   ROM internal to keyboard processor is faulty
  2 winks  RAM internal to keyboard processor is faulty
  3 winks  Watchdog timer. Chip 74LS123 or associated circuitry

A dead keyboard may not be easy to fix, but it's worth running a hot
soldering iron over each chip pin connection - if they are soldered
in place. "Dry" joints are fairly common on older Amiga keyboards.

I once saw a case where a single key kept on repeating endlessly, and
nothing would stop it except a switch-off of the computer. This case
was solved when I found that the earthing screw in the corner of the
onboard circuit card was loose. Carefully tightening this cured the
fault.


1.2  One or more keys..

   Bounces, giving double strike
   Perform erratically. May need pressing firmly, or on one edge.
   Fails to function

This kind of problem is usually easily fixed. Read on.....


2.0  The tools you need
------------------------
  2.1  Screwdrivers:

    Whether your keyboard is inside the computer or separate, you
    need a medium sized cross-head screwdriver to open the case, and
    a smaller cross-head for the many little screws that hold the
    base of the keyboard to the key assembly - with the "membrane"
    sandwiched in between. It's worth buying a boxed kit of
    cross-head instrument screwdrivers. My kit says "Size 00" for the
    small one you need, and "Size 1" for the larger one.

    You may also need a size 10 Torx screwdriver for some models, for
    the screws that hold the casing together. But I've not met many of
    these, and I think they were the later A500 models. Torx screws are
    commonly used to hold the metal screening inside many A500s. These
    have a recessed hexagonal "slot", and they don't move easily with
    a non-Torx driver. I have a size 10 Torx driver "head" without the
    fairly expensive handle, and I find this works with just my fingers
    gripping it.

  2.2 You need 2 egg-cups or saucers to put the screws on. Put the
    larger casing screws, and any little ones that are longer than
    most, in one; and the lots of little short screws in the other.

  2.3  You need a clean cotton or "lint-free" (no fluff) cloth, and some
    pure alcohol. The right stuff is 'IsoPropyl alcohol' which you can
    get from a pharmacist. Do NOT use methylated spirits, nor surgical
    spirit (which contains castor oil), nor WD40. A good quality
    no-residue contact cleaning liquid MIGHT be ok and will do no harm
    so long as you are sure it leaves no residue (the label will say).
    
    Last time I asked a pharmacist for Isopropyl alcohol he said he
    only had 500 mL bottles - enough to last your lifetime! I visited
    a school science lab where I used to work, and begged a small bottle
    of the stuff.

  2.4 You need a soft brush such as a paintbrush to remove dust and
    loose dirt.

  2.5 A good light and a magnifying glass on a stand are both useful.

  2.6 You may need (but not often) a soldering iron with a very small
      bit (say 2mm): Resin cored solder: And some skill and experience
      at soldering.


3.0 Getting at the keyboard
---------------------------
   There are 2 main types: keyboards that are inside the computer, and
   keyboards that are separate.

  3.1.0 Keyboards inside the computer (A500, A600, A1200)

    3.1.1 Switch off the computer & remove all external connections.

    3.1.2 Turn the computer upside down on a clean, smooth work surface,
       and undo the screws (probably 6) that hold the casing together.
       Put them in egg-cup or saucer No.1.

    3.1.3 Turn the computer right way up and carefully prise off the
       top cover. There are probably plastic tabs that hold the top of
       the case to the bottom half.

    3.1.4 Disconnect the keyboard. Treat the connector gently, and if
       the plug is reversible (A500) note which way round it was fitted.

    3.1.5 Inspect the keyboard connector for damage.  On an A1200 I
       understand that the thin membrane connector is often damaged by
       rough handling. This cannot usually be repaired.

    3.1.5 Lift out the keyboard assembly and put it upside down on your
       clean work surface. Proceed to paragraph 4.0.0


  3.2.0 Keyboards that are separate: the "big box" series of computers.

    3.2.1 Switch off the computer and disconnect the keyboard.

    3.2.2 Put the keyboard upside down on the table & remove the
          cross-head screws that hold the casing together. Put them
          in egg-cup or saucer No.1.

    3.2.3 Turn the keyboard right way up and remove the top of the case
          from the keys. Put it aside.
   
    3.2.4 Lift out the keyboard assembly & put it upside down on your
          clean work surface.



4.0.0  Getting at the membrane

    Undo all the little screws (over 20 of them) and put them in the
    other egg-cup or saucer No.2.

    On most keyboards there is a circuit card, possibly with one or
    more chips on it. If so, this is probably held on by slightly
    longer screws. Keep those separate in egg-cup or saucer No.1.

    Notice if there is a grounding screw, perhaps with a flat washer
    under the head. Keep this separate also.

  4.0.1 Turn the keyboard right way up and very gently remove the key
    assembly from the baseplate, revealing the membrane.

  4.0.2 Very gently lift out the membrane, holding it by the edges.
    Do not get fingerprints on any of the membrane contacts. During
    this whole exercise try to keep the membrane "clinically clean".


5.0.0  Use your brush to clean loose dirt from all components. Make
   sure you clean your work surface also at this stage. A duster
   or vacuum cleaner may be helpful.  Remove hairs, biscuit crumbs,
   tobacco ash, nail clippings, paper clips, and whatever other debris
   you find.

6.0.0 Inspect the membrane. Look for any damage. If there is physical
   damage, there is little you can do about it. Try to get a complete
   replacement keyboard. Look in magazine adverts for a computer
   repairer. They might have a replacement, new or 2nd hand.

  6.0.1 With a bright light, and maybe a magnifying glass, inspect any
    soldered joints.  If there are chips on the keyboard assembly,
    inspect solder under the chip legs.  These joints quite often go 
    "dry", and a touch on each with a hot and very small soldering
    iron will often cure the problem.  If I get out my iron for a
    suspicious joint, I go over all the joints in case I overlooked
    a faulty one.


7.0.0 Fixing dodgy keys

  This means cleaning the membrane and key contacts. The contacts on
  most keyboards are coated with conducting rubber, but (if I remember
  correctly) not on the CBM64. The little plungers under the keys are
  also made of conducting rubber. These can be damaged if any trace of
  grease gets onto them (fingerprints).

  7.1.0  Paying special attention to keys that are known to be
    malfunctioning, clean the surface of the membrane with your
    lint-free cloth moistened with alcohol. Do not touch any
    contacts with your fingers, nor breath heavily over them.

    Some membrane contacts may be slightly damaged by wear & tear.
    Very gently rub away loose particles with your cloth + alcohol.

  7.2.0  Cautiously dab the rubber plungers on dodgy keys with the
    alcohol. Do not rub them.

  7.3.0 If a key plunger is actually damaged, and previous attempts
    at cleaning them has failed, remove the plunger with tweezers
    and exchange it with one on a key you never use:- for example
    one on the numeric keypad, if there is one. I've only once
    needed to do this, on my A500.

  7.4.0  Need a replacement key or contact plunger? Replacements
    are sometimes obtainable from a repairer, but expect to pay
    over the odds. I have been told that plungers are "like gold
    dust" to obtain. It may be better to buy a 2nd hand keyboard
    and rob parts off it - which is what repair firms do!


8.0.0  Reassembly

  8.1.1 Place the key assembly upside down (with the keytops
        underneath) on your table.

  8.1.2 Without touching the surface of the membrane except at
        the edges, place it in position over the key plungers.
        Round projections from the key assembly should fit
        exactly through holes in the membrane.

  8.1.3 Carefully offer the baseplate to the key assembly, taking
        care with any circuit-board at one corner. Work slowly
        and very gently. Nothing needs forcing. If something
        doesn't fit exactly, you have something wrong.

  8.1.4 Start replacing all the little screws through the baseplate.
        Remember some may be longer: you kept those separate.
        Pay particular attention to any earthing screw on the circuit
        card (if fitted). On my A4000 this screw holds a black wire
        from the cable, with a metal tag on it. If this screw is not
        home and snug (don't force it), weird effects may happen.
        See para 1.1 above.

        If you feel brave, just put back a few screws to hold it
        together while you test results, and go to para 8.1.5.
        But don't forget to come back to this paragraph if all
        goes well with testing. And, in any case, make sure you
        put in any grounding screw that may be used in the
        corner. (See previous paragraph.)

        As you insert each screw, apply your screwdriver and twist
        the screw slightly "the wrong way" (ie to undo) until you
        feel the screw tip "click" into the thread in it's hole.
        Then do it up "finger tight" or "just snug". If force is
        needed, think again. Many a screw has stripped the thread
        in its plastic seating due to too much force applied. Just
        turn the screwdriver with your fingertips.

  8.1.5 When all screws are replaced, you can test the keyboard.
        Depending on your computer type, reassemble & connect to
        the computer in a temporary manner. Switch on the
        computer and test every key including the shift, the
        space bar, and the control keys (alt, amiga, del, etc.)

  8.1.6 Switch off the computer. If all went well, disconnect the
        keyboard and finish off replacing it in its case.
        Otherwise, it's back to the cleaning stage.

8.2  Always switch off the computer before connecting or disconnecting
        the keyboard.


Tailpiece
---------
Some years ago I belonged to that wonderful club - actually a
multi-user commercial bulletin board - Compunet (no, NOT Compuserve).
It closed down in 1992 went it went bankrupt:  it was too cheap.

In those days we nearly all had CBM64 computers with 1200/75 baud
modems.  A few members had Amiga 500s.  Anyway, one feature on Compunet
was online chat - not unlike IRC nowadays on Internet.  One of our chat
group was silent for about 5 minutes, though his name appeared in the
list of those "present".  When he next "spoke" he told us he had
dismantled his keyboard and cleaned it without going offline!  I asked
about all those little screws, and he said "Oh I leave most of those
out, and the cover is never screwed on"!!

Don't try this at home, kiddies. :-)

 -------------------------------------------------------------------
 John Marchant ('Gnome'). Bedford UK.            gnome@mag-net.co.uk
 Amiga 4000/40                                  Fidonet 2:257/137.16
 Moonlight (Amiga) BBS. 6pm-8am (ONLY)  +44 1234 212752
 Fax, Fido freq, Fido netmail accepted during open hours.
 -------------------------------------------------------------------
