Press the Help key for info on this file reader,
any other key to exit help, and esc to quit reading



                               Neuralink Presents

                              The Context Bible

                                 NIV for the

                                Amiga Computer

 The Amiga is the most affordable, fully multitasking, graphical-user-
interface computer available today. Now you can study the New International
Version of the Bible on an Amiga computer. Add your own cross references and
notes in hidable levels of outline after any verse. Instantly look up any
cross reference by pointing to it. Underline, color-code, italicize and/or
bold any text. Write, organize, and cross-reference a lifetime of Biblical
research, notes, sermons, outlines, diagrams, commentaries, and a topical
Bible. Jump to any location in the Bible by pointing to the book, chapter,
and verse. Search for combinations of words and phrases.



What I wanted to do

In depth Bible research, study and write commentaries, and create a
full-featured reference Bible. When I discovered the Thinker program for the
Amiga computer, I found the tool I needed; and licensed and formatted the NIV
Bible for it. In the January, 1990 Amazing Computing magazine, the reviewer
says of Thinker, "It's flexibility far exceeds any other program that I've
used on any computer."



Benefits of Using The Context Bible.

Home - Bible study, cross-reference all your personal observations, sermon
notes, and diagrams of how ideas relate to each other.

Church - prepare sermons, write Bible study outlines, commentaries, or a
complete topical-chain- reference study Bible, quickly look up verses in
commentaries, keep a list of sermons with instant links to them and Bible
passages covered. Use in Bible study classes.

Schools - missionary training, Bible schools, seminaries - write textbooks,
prepare lessons, print handouts for students, use in class and for homework.

Videotaping - connect a VCR, microphone, and amplifier to an Amiga computer
to make video- taped Bible studies. Select a large font for easy readability.
A video camera can also be connected. Other Amiga software can do
professional titling and graphics.

Internet - Create and read HTML files, the format used on the World Wide Web.
You don't have to use hard to remember codes. Just create and test the
document, and export. Your church or Bible school can have it's own Web Page
with Bible studies or even an entire Bible school curriculum made available
to tens of millions of Internet users.

Advantages of Using a Computer to Study the Bible

Easy editing - cut, copy, and paste text; add Bible passages to sermons and
commentaries quickly; rearrange the order of paragraphs and sentences; easily
change your wording; and check spelling.

Hidable outlines - view or hide as many levels of an outline as you want (up
to 30 levels possible). Create multiple levels of detail.

To allow quick scanning, the number of lines per paragraph that are seen can
be adjusted. The number of blank lines between paragraphs can also be
changed.

Work in up to 8 windows at a time. Each window can be resized or stacked;
with different settings for spacing between paragraphs, outline levels shown,
and lines viewed per paragraph. Also in each window, labels and outline level
numbers can either be shown or hidden. Save entire work setup with one menu
selection for easy restarting. Each window can be zoomed between partial and
full screen (even under Workbench 1.3). Windows can simultaneously look at
different places in the same file or different files. You can even look at
the same location in separate windows, but with different levels of outline
revealed.

Fast look-up of cross-references (in about 1 second) in commentaries and your
reference Bible - just point and click the mouse button. Verses can be shown
in the same or another window.

Go to a verse fast. Point to the abbreviation of the book, the chapter
number, and the verse number. Move to anywhere in the Bible with the mouse.

To begin a topical Bible, label verses by topic. Point at that same word
anywhere in that book to take you to the labeled verse instantly. That topic
can also be accessed from any other book of the Bible or any Thinker file. A
verse or paragraph can have many such topic labels. For example, label
several verses in I John that deal with "truth" and "love". You now have
instant access to all these verses with a cross reference to either word.

Next, create a master topic file with cross-references to verses and topics
labeled in books. These topics in the master topic file can then be
cross-referenced from any verse and instantly looked up in the same or
another window. The topic can also be viewed after any verse as part of a
composite document. Point to each reference in that topic to jump to that
verse. Add more notes, markings, diagrams and cross-references as you
progress through the topic. Add comments to explain how verses relate to the
topic. Add links to related topics. You can branch off into a related topic
in a new window, study it there, then close that window to continue the
original topical study.

Use other reference books, commentaries, and reference Bibles to aid in
finding information to add to your personal reference Bible. Use the Context
Bible to quickly look up cross-references from these other books.

Underline, color-code, italicize, and/or bold any text to emphasize,
contrast, and visually associate words and phrases.

Draw interactive diagrams and charts. Point at objects or text to instantly
look up verses or notes. Point to the name of a chart in your notes to
instantly show it. Drawing objects and text can be colored, filled, moved,
grouped, layered, resized, and given commands to look up verses.

Search for words and phrases with the Context Bible Concordance. Verses can
be output to the screen, printer, or disk. The file can be imported into
Thinker, with each verse automatically linked to The Context Bible for
reading the context and notes.

Your set of files is limited only by the number and size of your hard
drives. Thinker can easily and quickly move around, among hundreds of
megabytes of files. Any word can be instantly jumped to from anywhere else
without programming.



Other Capabilities of Thinker

Database

Sort by 1. labels, (such as name, skills, age group), 2. beginning text,     
3. variable length fields, or 4. something in an underlying outline. Print
mailing labels. Jump to any label instantly, scan first lines or up to any
level of outline, and use hypertext jumps to relate items in different
locations and files. Search for words and phrases. Automatically create
indexes. For advanced users, Thinker can be programmed with the ARexx
multitasking language.

Interfaces

Point and click with the mouse to: send operating system commands, run other
programs and load specific files in them without quitting Thinker, play sound
files, show pictures in up to 4096 colors on any Amiga computer.

Use function keys to send ARexx commands and text to other programs running
at the same time, run macros, and access capabilities of other programs. The
multitasking language ARexx can also access Thinker's abilities from within
other programs.

External links allow you to view text files anywhere (such as CD ROM
encyclopedias, Bibles, and dictionaries) as Thinker files, with hypertext
links, labels, copy and paste, searching and adding your own notes and
cross-references. Another new Thinker capability allows Thinker files on a CD
ROM to be edited just as if they were on a hard drive. A file with all your
added notes is created on a hard drive and merged by Thinker with the CD ROM
file. It will seem to you as though you are editing the CD ROM.



The Context Bible Concordance

The complete pre-indexed concordance, written by Fernando Zapata, contains
the entire text of the NIV (plus an index of every occurrence of every word).
It can output to a printer or file (also add to the end of a file) in 4
reference formats, with or without text and/or translators' notes. Verses can
be output in formats for use with the Hypertext. A search showing all 237
verses in the Bible containing both "Jesus" and "Christ" takes less than 1
second on an un-accelerated Amiga. All 51,812 occurrences of "the" in 22,403
verses are found in under 5 seconds and output into a reader window with
scroll bar and arrows. Combinations using AND, OR, NOT, XOR (either or, but
not both), grouping and phrases can be done. For example: ("faith" or "trust"
or "praise") and "your God" xor "honor" not "angels" (160 verses in under 19
seconds). You can narrow or expand a search by searching the results (add or
"angel" to the above; searches in less than 1 second). You can instantly
cancel a print in progress.



Amiga Capabilities

In addition to those already mentioned, the Amiga has one of the most
efficient multitasking operating systems of any computer. "How does the Amiga
manage to provide multitasking and windowing services in less than one-half
to one-fourth the memory that Apple and IBM computers need?" Byte, Jan. 1991,
p. 329. In just 1 megabyte of memory, several average programs can run at the
same time. The Amiga 500, 1200 and 2000 can expand to 9 megabytes of
continuous memory. The Amiga 3000 and 4000 can hold 18 megabytes on the
motherboard, with 1700 megabytes RAM addressable.

All Amigas come with built-in multitasking, a graphic interface, 4 channel
stereo sound (music, sound effects, and speech), at least 4096 colors and 4
screen resolutions, coprocessors to handle much of the work, and a mouse. All
new Amigas now support a pallette of over 16 million colors.

If you ever use a computer with multitasking and a graphic interface like the
Amiga, I doubt that you will ever settle for anything less in the future.

Software available

Word processing - Final Writer and many others available with spellchecking,
thesaurus, grammar checkers, graphics, etc. Thinker is also a basic
word/outline processor that prints bold, italics, underlining, page numbers,
headers, and footers.

Database - SuperBase 4 (won the largest Defense Department PC contract ever
awarded), or use Thinker.

Spreadsheet - Several available that use color, speech (for proofreading),
and easy to use interfaces.

CAD - great for diagrams that can be zoomed to incredible amounts of detail,
architecture, machines, and circuit boards.

Paint - the Amiga has the best paint (and animation) software of any
reasonably priced computer.

Animation - 2-dimensional, 3-dimensional, animated paint programs, ray
tracing, and cel animation (as in the Disney Studio software). Many programs
use up to 16 million colors.

Educational - a wide variety available, especially in math.

Music - Some of the best editing and MIDI software available on any computer.

Desktop publishing - several available for both amateur and professional use
(B&W or color).

Games - hundreds of almost every imaginable kind. Great games require a very
powerful computer. That's the Amiga, with its graphic, sound, and animation
coprocessors.

Hardware available

Digitizers (video, sound, full-page & hand scanners, drawing tablets),
printers (laser, dot matrix, ink jet, plotter), hard drives, laser drives, CD
ROM, tape backups, cartridge hard drives, light pens, expansion boards,
modems, fax modems, networking cards, 16 million color video special effects
boards, and many more.

The Amiga can run programs and/or read files from the following computers.

	using hardware - MS-DOS, Macintosh

	using software - UNIX, CP/M, Commodore 64, and others.



Computer system requirements for The Context Bible

Hypertext: any Amiga with 1 meg RAM. Thinker 2.1, includes Tinydraw
(Workbench 2, 3 and PAL compatible). Hard drive not required, but
recommended for looking up cross-references. 16 megabytes of hard drive space
recommended for both the hypertext and concordance. You can move all or part
of the files to other hard drives or partitions later without changing any of
the cross-references. Concordance: will run on a 512K Amiga. It uses less
than 3 megabytes hard drive space.



Books

Also included with the hypertext is the book (with hundreds of links to the
Bible), God's Work In God's Way, by William S. Dillon. The complete works of
Bill Dillon and some books by Jay Adams will be available in the near future.
Bill Dillon taught missionaries with New Tribes Mission for many years. He
has written the most accurate doctrinal books I know of. Jay Adams has
written the best Biblical counseling books available.



The Context Bible comes with a 2 year money-back guarantee.



Prices

Amiga computers - Complete systems with color monitor, hard drive, and extra
memory start at around $1500.

Thinker 2.1 - $80.



Order the following direct from Neuralink

NIV Context Bible Hypertext with Thinker and Concordance - $150.

NIV or KJV Context Bible Hypertext with Thinker $100. If you already own
Thinker, subtract $50.

NIV Concordance $50.

For the Macintosh, Thinker and the NIV and KJV hypertext are available for
the same price.

Demo disk - free - includes demo version of Thinker, the book of Ephesians
(KJV and NIV), the help file, and the HyperBook tutorial for the Concordance.



For Australia and New Zealand pricing, contact Mark Sims, 2 Pygmalion Place,
Hamilton, New Zealand phone 64-07-8558-207



Jack Seay, owner-manager of

NEURALINK P.O. Box 16311 Lubbock, TX 79490 U.S.A. (806)793-0423

Order and unlimited free technical support:

(800)657-8822

Internet email
	jack.seay@windmill.com
	jackseay@big12.metrobbs.com

Fidonet email
	JACK SEAY@1:3804/140