±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±
±±                                                       ±±
±±            ANTI-RASCISM & ANTI-VIOLENCE 1.0           ±±
±±                                                       ±±
±±                     (01.06.1993)                      ±±
±±                                                       ±±
±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±

This message is for all of you out there. It doesn't matter
what language you speak, which colour your skin is or of 
what nationality you are.


1. WHAT IS THIS?

In many countries there is violence against other people,
because of their behaviour, their look or their point of
view. Violence cannot be accepted in any form. In order
to decrease prejudice and stop violence, people have to
understand each other. This can only be achieved by
listening to each other and trying to understand the other
one. We want to get people in contact.


2. WHAT CAN YOU DO?

In order to understand other people's attitudes, you have 
to talk to them. Therefore we encourage the exchange of 
ideas and problems of people who live in different 
countries. You'll be surprised to know that the people
have the same problems in every country and that one even 
watches sometimes the same TV program. Of course, we want 
also that you exchange computer programs. But this is not 
the main goal. Trying to understand and to pass the 
information to your friends and family is more important. 
We hope that this package will distribute as fast as 
possible.


3. HOW TO GET IN CONTACT

There are several possibilities to get in contact with 
users in other countries.

a) Have a look at your PD/SHAREWARE-programs, there you 
   can find a lot of addresses. Even if the programmer can't
   write back, they will surely know somebody who is 
   interested in writing back.
b) Send e-mails addressed to 'ALL'. Introduce yourself and 
   write about your work & hobbies. 
c) Advertise in a magazine, preferably in a foreign.
d) Look out for local club, which have contacts to other 
   people.
e) Write to the addresses below. By doing so, you give
   permission to give your address to other users. Addresses
   may be used for privat subjects only. Commercial use 
   is illegal.


4. TO THE PROGRAMMER

Included in this package are two IFF-pictures and the 
C-SOURCE-CODES of the pictures, so you can easily use them 
in your own programs. You're free to use other pictures 
and texts, but make a statement about your opinion. Please
bear in mind, that a uniform appearance is always an 
advantage. Put the pictures in your info-requester or 
display them at the beginning of your program. Utilities
and programs which display this, will be mentioned in
future releases of this package, or may be even included.


5. TO THE USER

You may display the pictures with the help of viewer 
programs, such as 'display', 'multiview' or 'mostra'.
Put these commands into your 'user-startup' and then
the pictures will be displayed when booting the computer.
Also included into this package is a program by
Hanns-Holger Rutz which writes a special Bootblock to
your disk, displaying the picture. Be careful with this
program, because you may erase important data!!!


6. ADDRESSES

This idea came quite spontanous up to me, so I didn't have
any time to ask people, if I can release their addresses.
But you can be sure, that this section will be updated 
regularly. Everybody who wants to become a member, please
write to one of the addresses below.

000001) DANIEL AMOR
        LUDWIGSTR. 124
        70197 STUTTGART (write until 1.7.93 to: 7000 STUTTGART 1)
        GERMANY

        InterNet: amor@student.uni-tuebingen.de
        FidoNet : 2:2407/106

        You may write in the following languages:
        Ceský, Deutsch, English, Français, Russkij

000002) IGOR DRUZOVIC
        FEUERSEEPLATZ 10
        70176 STUTTGART (write until 1.7.93 to: 7000 STUTTGART 1)
        GERMANY

        You may write in the following languages:
        Deutsch, English, Hrvatski


7. THE FUTURE

We know that this won't change the world, but maybe some 
other people start to think and recognize that we can 
only change the world together. We need a world, where
everyone can live without being afraid of their opinion,
their nationality or their skin.


8. DISKMAGAZINE

If we get many responses, we will start with a disk-
magazine, that will report about news from all over the 
world. So write!
