  So let's begin:

  Well, I'd love to assume since you've got this file that you've got a
modem..and since you've got a modem you no doubt have downloaded files
before so you have Pkax and perhaps Arc, and from that I can infer you have
Show and Less and probably Conman and Mackie, and thus PrefCh and Select...
but I won't.  You actually COULD be sitting there with the thing barely
hooked together, boxes still scattered around, you've read the "manual" (I
REALLY hesitate to use the word..) a few times, maybe hauled up the Notepad
and wondered why, or rather, how the book could not be giving you the right
directions.  Maybe you've actually typed DIR in a CLI window only to be
confused by a bunch of gibberish rolling by on the screen.  And you're STILL
puzzled about them using icons from religion, menus from a restaurant,
projects from the office, the notepad off your desk and tools from the
garage!  It's called "Par for the course" in one language, "Welcome to the
club!" in another.  And then you get handed THIS by a friend.  

                                       *

  Well, the bad news is that you still have to learn the manual.  I'm only
going to fill in the stuff they left out, or worded is such a way that they
might as well as left it out.  No offense to Commodore meant here; computer
manuals are notorious for being poorly written.  Somebody'll come along any
minute now and tell me this one is one of the all-time greats.  The reason,
in case you were wondering, that the 500 manual and the DOS books are a
little off the mark sometimes is because they're either not upgraded for
version 1.2 or else they're just plain ol' wrong.  Pick up the Bantam DOS
book as recommended by the manual, and I'd recommend Compute's AmigaDOS
Reference Guide, an excellent book, very witty command examples.  Yes, you
have to read them, yes, there'll be a test.  By the way, it's very obvious
which parts of the books are for us, and which aren't.

  I'm not going to tell you how to use the computer, as such, I'm going to
help you get things set up so that when you DO use the computer, it'll be
more comfortable and natural.

                                       *

  By the way, learn to type.  That's right, with all your fingers.  Typing
isn't like learning to play the piano.  Look at it this way:  When was
the last time someone had to show you how to hold your toothbrush?  You just
kind of learn how to do it and then never think about it again.  I mention
later that there's no better typing exercise than doing an Infocom (all-
text) adventure, and it's true.  Be pro.  Be quick.  Learn to type.

                                       *

  First, some basic definitions to make sure we're on the same page:

      device   -   The whole "container", like df0: or Ram:  View them as
                   different file cabinets if you want. 

      directory-   Just like a drawer in the file cabinet, it holds stuff.

      drawer   -   Workbench name for a directory. Basically, a drawer is
                   a directory with an icon.

      file     -   Just a general term for any single thing that has bytes.

      command  -   A CLI instruction to do something to/for/with a file.

      program  -   A file that is Run, like the Clock.

      tool     -   In general, any program.  Specifically, a program that
                   performs a certain, individual task, such as the IconEd.
                                                      
      project  -   A file that needs a tool to run it, like a Notepad note
                   (the project) needs Notepad (the tool) to display it.

      textfile -   A text document like this one that you Type.

      scriptfile - A text file full of CLI commands that you Execute.  Also
                   called a "Batch File" 'cause it batches commands together
                   as well as a "Command Sequence File", but that doesn't
                   count 'cause it's too many words.

      format   -   If I say something like "look in the Tool Types box for
                   the correct format" I mean to check out exactly how the
                   command or whatever is laid out; spaces, quote marks,
                   capitals, etc.

      Format   -   The command in the System directory.  Called Initialize
                   by the Workbench, although no one knows why.

      Info     -   There are two Infos, you'll use them both.  One's in the
                   c directory with the rest of the commands, the other's
                   from activating a program's icon and using the Workbench
                   Info menu.  You'll do a lot with this window.

      .info    -   Tagged on the end of a file name (tool, icon, disk, etc)
                   means it's that file's icon.  An icon is how you run
                   a program from the Workbench; it doesn't need to be there
                   for the program to run.  Type "clock" in a CLI and up pops
                   the clock, "bypassing", as it were, the icon.  There
                   will be programs you always run through the CLI and
                   you'll delete the .info file (the icon).  Other programs,
                   mainly ones you download, you'll have to borrow or make
                   an icon for because they were too cheap to include one.

                   If you see JUST a ".info" when you Dir a directory, that's
                   the window's "file marker" or something.  Type "Dir Ram:"
                   and it should be empty.  Double-click the Ram icon to
                   open the window.  Close the window and "Dir Ram:" again.
                   You'll see ".info" listed, the (newly-created) window's
                   small claim to existence.

                                       *

  Basic assumptions:

   - You're using a backup copy of Workbench.  I'm going to tell you to
(gasp!) delete some stuff to make a little room, but don't worry, it's all
faithfully there on your master.  Actually, you're supposed to have a master
backup of the master, even, so you never have to touch the original.  Again,
in theory, this holds true for EVERY good master disk you have; Bench, Paint,
Processor, game, you name it.  Blank disks are only a couple of bucks apiece.
Can you see any OTHER part of your system that's that cheap?  Live it up, buy
lots and lots of disks.  Put a master backup set of all the really good
stuff in a closet somewhere, away from the computer. I like the Sony 2DD
disks; they're reliable, have colored labels, and, best of all, the labels
actually peel off months down the road and don't leave all this crap behind.
That kind of engineering marvel is enough to sell me on a product any day.
You think I'm kidding?  You want put to labels on top of labels making the
disk thicker, you want to have maybe a gummy edge roll back and have it get
stuck in the drive, you go right ahead.  I don't use White-Out, either, just
because of the possibility of it flaking.  When thinking about how to handle
the disks and drives, the words "reverance" and "awe" spring to mind.

   - Whenever I give a command to type in a CLI window, I'll put it in
quotes.  There are very few times that you actually use quotes ANYwhere
so I don't think we'll run into any confusion.  If I list out a string of
CLI commands, like so, I won't use quotes:

                             Dir df0:devs
                             Delete Trashcan.info
                             Run Clock


   - When I capitalize the word "Type", it's the CLI command to type a docu-
ment, or, more properly, a textfile.  As mentioned in the ReadMe file, the
very first program you should get is Less, which you will replace your Type
command with, like so:  "Copy Less df0:c/Type"   which copies it to your c
directory, renames "Less" to "Type", and in the process wipes out the
original and quite worthless Type command.

                                    *

  So, one of the first things we need is a stripped-down version of Work-
bench 1.2.  This will be a good chance to go through the various directories
and make the few odd mentions.  Watch that byte gauge and hold on.

                                       *

Demos:
  I've seen all kinds of "graphic hacks" now, and I rate these a "C-".  Look
at them, gawk in awe if you must, then delete the whole thing.  You can
either activate the Demos drawer icon then Discard with the Workbench menu,
or type in the CLI "Delete demos all".  Watch the little bar graph drop down
a notch or two.  Ah-h-h...elbow room.  You also type "Delete Demos.info" to
get rid of the needless drawer icon if you're using the CLI.

Expansion:
  Blow that guy right out of the water.  You won't need it until you get a
hard drive and even then you won't want the drawer's icon hangin' around.
The hard drive looks in the Expansion directory for its driver (a small file)
but the Expansion.info file, the icon, is a separate thing and doesn't need
to be there.

Empty:
  You can keep it around for now; it's harmless and useful to make new
drawers with.  When you activate it then Duplicate it, it actually
duplicates both files for you; the Empty directory and the Empty.info file,
the icon.  If you Dir in the CLI you'll see Copy Of Empty (dir) and down
below the Copy Of Empty.info file.

Trashcan:
  The general reason this doesn't have a place on the Workbench is
this:  Workbench is already jammed to the teeth, byte-wise, so if we've got
something we just kind of want to let hang around a while before we decide
whether or not to dump it, we don't want it hogging up byte space.  It's
much more practical to simply store it on a separate disk named "Misc"
or something.  We won't delete friendly ol' Trashcan (there are some great
trashcan icons out there), we just won't use it much.  Sorry!

Preferences:
  Rename this puppy "Prefs" so you won't have to type out "p-r-e-f-e-r-e-n-
c-e-s" every time you want to open it.  The book covers Prefs pretty well.
When you Save in Prefs it saves the current screen/pointer/printer info to a
tiny file called "system-configuration" in the devs directory.  Make note of
the difference between the SAVE and USE functions.  When you get the program
PrefCh (off a BBS) you'll only use the USE box.

Utilities:
  This drawer might be more appropriately named "Tools", although either's
fine.  You can also use "Utils" if you like.  In it we find a couple of
standard tools, the Notepad and the Calculator.  Notepad is only an example
of a word processor; they make no claim to the contrary.  ProWrite, the real
word processor program, is made up of 143,624 bytes, whereas humble little
Notepad is a paltry 54,548.  You can use it to play around with, and I could
spend a page on Notepad alone, but it would be a waste of both our time as
you're definitely eventually going to buy a regular program like ProWrite if
you're into writing at all.  We don't want it on this particular disk so
activate the icon and sayonara.

  What I will say about the Notepad is this:  If you want more than one font
in a document you have to have FLAGS=noglobal in the Info window's Tool
Types.  Also, check out a Notepad note's Info window for the layout of
the font and window size formats in the Tool Types box.

  The Calculator is pretty straightforward if you've read the manual.  We'll
keep it around for now unless you know you don't want it.  

System:
  This drawer should be named "Misc", or "Catch-all" or "WhoKnows?", the
stuff they've got in here.  The IconEd is just another tool, so, with both
the Utilities window and the System windows open, grab the IconEd icon with
the left mouse button, swing it over to the Utilities window and drop it in.
Do the same with the CLI icon.  System means system, like the whole
deal, not just some isolated tool.  I suppose the CLI would technically
belong in the System drawer, but for now let's just treat it like a tool.

  The manual covers nice ol' IconEd surprisingly in depth.  The only thing
that took me a bit to catch onto was:  Let's say you have a neat icon, but
it's a Project icon and you want it to be for some utility/program/tool (the
words all kind of blend together after a while...) and you need the icon to
be a Tool icon.  To see what type of icon it is, you activate it and pull
down the Info menu, right?  In order for the Info window to work an icon
MUST have an accompanying file, be it a tool, textfile or whatever.  So if
you had a lone icon and wanted to see its Info, you'd have to use Ed to
creat a textfile with the icon's name (without the .info) first.  The file
doesn't have to say anything, there just has to be something there to back
up the icon.  You could also just rename something else temporarily to the
name of the icon if that's easier.

  So you fire up IconEd and Load up a tool icon, any one will do.  Now move
to the next editing window and Load your neat project icon.  Go back to the
first window, erase the sucker (Undo Frame), bring the good icon over (From
Frame), Save as you will and there it is.  It's a tool icon because you
saved through the window you loaded up that original tool icon in.  No prob.

  Well...actually, yes, problem if you're having trouble with the Load and
Save business; spelling out the correct name to load an icon, looking
through various drawers for icons you've saved, but don't know where...
This problem is called "pathnames", which you'll pick up pretty quick.

  GraphicDump works fine and doesn't need any further documentation.
There's no need for it on this disk so give it the heave-ho.

  Say is definitely a kick.  The pitch controls, etc, are fun but remember
you HAVE to enter the pitch when you change the voice to have effect.
Experiment with different settings.

         example: -r-p85

         default:  p=110
                   s=150

         I like: -p110-s120

  I've decided Say has a Canadian accent, possible Western Quebec.  Great
phonetic practice is to make Say pronounce Spanish words.  It's tough but
can be done quite well.  Future project:  Make up a whole bunch of Say
windows ready to say all kinds of things, hook up the audio output to the
phone line somehow and CALL somebody!  Ha!!  For now, give Say the axe.

  CLI opens up a new CLI window.  There's a similar command in the c
directory called, oddly enough, "NewCLI".  Type NewCLI in a CLI window and
you've got another.  I'm putting all these commands, etc, in capital letters
for your benefit, remember.  DOS doesn't give a hoot.

  Diskcopy is just that.  Workbench proceedure is to pick up the FROM disk
with the mouse and drop it onto the TO disk, and Diskcopy does the rest.
It will go bye-bye after you get MarauderII, a much-needed diskcopying
program.  As far as store-bought software goes, MarauderII is first on
the list, followed closely by FaccII.  MarauderII, besides allowing you
to make copies of most of your copy-protected disks, has an extremely impor-
tant diskcopy Verification feature.  We'll always use it for important disks.

  Format will be much-used, but not from an icon.  You'll usually type
in Format and the name of the drive the disk to be formatted is in.  You,
the budding Amigalite, don't want any dumb Trashcan on your clean disk, as
the Workbench's Initialize command demands on giving you, so the CLI allows
you to format the disk clean.  Handy little fella!

                     Format drive df1: name Empty noicons

  Format is VERY particular as to correct usage, so write it down.  As a
rule you usually format in drive df1, just to keep it away from Workbench.
Don't want any nasty accidents!  The name is up to you but you have to have
the word "name" there in the command.  To be technical, the subcommand
"noicons" should actually read "notrash", as it's really keeping the
Trashcan directory from being created, with, of course, its humble icon.  I
don't want to "be technical" in this tutorial, but there are definitely some
things we want to pay attention to.  When and where directories are created
being one of them.  Especially, ahem, without our permission.

  InitPrinter:  Don't have the slightest idea what it is and have never seen
any documentation on it.  All I know is my printer hates it.  Send it to the
Great Byte God In The Sky.  If your printer doesn't work, THEN try it.

  NoFastMem is a seldom-used command.  We're tossing it off this bench but
just remember it in case some program wants you to run it first.  Of all the
progs, hacks and games I've run this last year, I have found exactly ONE
program that used it, and it wasn't even documented, I discovered it by
accident.  If, or should I say, because you have a meg of Ram, the first Ram
to be used up is FastMem, the expansion pack.  It was only when I had a
bunch of stuff up on the screen and a bunch of stuff stored in Ram that
this certain program suddenly ran much faster.  I made some room in Ram
and sure enough the program was "slow" again.  Having never had the chance/
opportunity/need to use NoFastMem, it took me a little while to figure out
what was going on and try it out.  Which brings us to...

  SlowMemLast, which I never HAVE used.  We automatically, as far as I know,
use our FastMem first, which, unless I've misplaced my physics book, means
that SlowMem would come after, or "last".  Good-bye.

  SetMap you definitely can bomb.  Way way down the road on a rainy wintery
day you can dust it off and try to make it do something besides goof up
your keyboard.  DON'T, however, delete it until you've deleted the SetMap
command from the startup-sequence.  More on that soon.

  If there's nothing left in the System drawer you need an icon for (you
don't need one for Diskcopy and Format), you can clean things up a bit
with "Delete System.info", which will erase the System's drawer icon.
The System directory will still be there, just not cluttering up our Bench
with a useless icon.

  Well, okay, if you really want to keep it, go ahead.

                                       *

  I love icons, by the way, have tons in storage.  If you want to keep an
icon around just for fun, but want the disk space from the program back, re-
member just use the CLI and Delete the program file, but not the .info file.


  Those are the directories that have/had icons attached.  We'll make a small
sidetrip experiment for a minute and then come back to the Workbench and take
a good look (haul out that eraser!) at the files in the other directories.

                                       *

  Okay..feeling brave?  We're going to take a tiny, hesitant step into the
dreaded Interlace Land..

  Few dare to tread there!  Few have survived to tell the tale...

  Turn down the lights and close the curtains.  Serious.

  Pop open the Prefs (if you haven't renamed it "Prefs" by now, don't blame
me), activate the Interlace box and Save that rascal.  Now don't be
scared..the first time I did this it only cost me $179 in the shop, a
stiff warning from the store owner not to do it again and an afternoon in
court due to the ensuing litigation from Commodore.  Ready?

  Okay, upon re-booting open the Bench window and see what you think.
Looks like hell, doesn't it?  Open the Prefs and pull the whole Prefs window
down to the bottom half of the screen.  Now we'll adjust the bench colors
with the color slide gadgets.  They go from 0 to 15, with 0 being at the far
left.  Click in the slide box to move the pointers one at a time, move them
so they read:
       blue - 0    white - 6    black - 0    gold - 7
              0            7            0           5
              6            7            0           0


  Amazing, eh?  #2's obviously the reason for the Interlace jitter.  Not
fiddling with the colors is the main reason most people think Interlace is
for the birds..they just boot it up, go "Yecch!", and that's that.  The main
reason you don't see it in the stores is because of the bright lighting.
This is obviously a low light, non-glare situation.  I ran #1 at 0,0,6
for a long time but recently moved it down to 0,0,5.  The perfect Prefs
setting just kind of evolves as you do.  Save this setting.  Pop open a
few windows, your Directory Utility if you've got one, hey, twice the screen
size!  Room!!  The Interlace mode, fairly unique, compliments of Commodore.

  For daytime viewing you might brighten things up a bit.  I have a prefs
setting called "daytime", colors 006/788/000/860, I use with the program
PrefCh.  Experiment!

  If you've got bad eyes even the toned-down Prefs colors may not be
acceptable, in which case I'd suggest you start saving your money and look
around for a high-persistence monitor that you can run in Interlace without
the jitter.  I almost dare to call Interlace a necessity.


  So now that we've got some room, drag the Workbench down to the bottom
half of the screen and open a nice big CLI window in the upper half.  Or, be
incredible and make the entire screen one window.

  Type "Dir devs opt a" and you should see:


    keymaps (dir)        - keymaps dir and all the keymaps within

    printers (dir)       - printer drivers

    clipboards (dir)     - empty unless you used Paste and Save feature of
                           Notepad (this is where it saves it)

    MountList            - for use with hard drives; Type this for a classic
                           example of computerspeak

    narrator.device      - part of Say

    parallel.device      - parallel port (printer) controller

    printer.device       - for printer

    serial.device        - serial port (modem) controller

    system-configuration - information saved by Prefs



  Now, (heh heh heh..) for the deletion part...

  You don't need any of the keymaps, this isn't Sweden, so:

                        Delete devs/keymaps all

  and it's good-bye usefulllessness.  Don't miss them if you possibly can!

    Again, stick with me 'til we do the startup-sequence or there's gonna be
problems.  SetMap looks for one of these keymaps.

  Next (wringing his sweaty hands..), the ("NO! NO!") printer drivers!  In
my case I have an Epson EX-800 and the manual told me a JX-80 driver would
do, so I kept that one and blew off the rest.  If you have a printer but
haven't deleted the unnecessary drivers yet, it would probably be quicker
just to "Delete Devs/Printers all" then "MakeDir Devs/Printers" then copy
the driver over from the Workbench master.  Unless, of course, you have a
Directory Utility.  For the rest of you lugs, just "Delete Devs/Printers
all" and be done with it.  When you get the printer you can make the dir
and copy the correct driver over from the master disk.

  We'll leave the Clipboards directory and device alone as other programs
may want them.  If you'll never have a printer you can bomb the printer.de-
vice.  Get rid of that terrible reminder of how much you DON'T know about
computers by deleting the MountList and that's it for devs.

  Now "Dir l".  We won't touch any of this stuff.  A few programs down the
road will kindly request we put some small handler file in our l directory..
no problem, we're very generous and are glad to accomodate them.  As long as
they keep it under, sa-a-ay, a thousand bytes.  I run a subroutine called
Conman which has a handler file of a whopping 184 bytes, but I, wishing to
set a sterling example for all Amigakind, generously, no, benevolantly allow
a file that size to clog up my heretofore unsullied l directory.

  We'll leave the libs alone too.  You never can tell when some program
might try to access one.  If your drive light comes on sometime when you're
not expecting it, like if you're running a program out of Ram, chances are
something's seeking a lib.

  The directory t is a backup for the Ed program.  That's why it takes Ed so
long to write what seems like a relatively small text file, because it's
writing it twice.  Just leave it be, somebody may want it.  Including you.

  "Dir s" and there's our new buddy, the startup-sequence.  Delete the
"startup-sequence.hd" to get rid of the suggested hard drive sequence.  It's
really bad, of course.  When you get a hard drive you'll look at this one,
look at the manufacturer's suggested sequence, throw them both in the (real)
trash and make your own like everybody else does.  That's "everybody else"
as in "Amiga/Atari owners", of course.  "Everybody else" as in "everybody
else" means people who just turn a switch on.

  We'll play around with the start-seq in a few minutes.  By the way, the
Clock is just another tool and can either be left where it is or dropped,
literally, into the Utilities a.k.a. Tools drawer.

  Now the Big Daddy of them all, the c directory:  Now unless you KNOW you
need any of the following commands, in the CLI type:

                        Delete c/Ask
                        Delete c/BindDrivers
                        Delete c/ChangeTaskPri
                        Delete c/DiskChange
                        Delete c/Edit
                        Delete c/FileNote
                        Delete c/Lab
                        Delete c/Mount
                        Delete c/Protect
                        Delete c/Relabel
                        Delete c/Search
                        Delete c/SetDate
                        Delete c/Skip


  Having a good time?  The majority of those commands are advanced DOS
commands which you might need as you progress in AmigaSpeak.  They're
right there, safely tucked away on the master disk for immediate copyage, so
don't hesitate to wipe them out.  Again, make sure you don't re-boot until we
streamline your st-seq or it'll look for BindDrivers and stop.

  So let's do it:  Type "Ed s/startup-sequence" and there it is.  See the
Esc key on the upper left of your keyboard?  That's our main key for Ed
commands.  Your new buddies are the arrow keys, the backspace key and the
Delete key.  You'll eventually master these guys.  Move to the line that
starts with "echo A500...", etc, hit the Esc key then the "d" key, then
Return.  Goodby, advertisement!  Do the same thing to worthless-unless-you-
have-a-hard-drive BindDrivers.

  Now just to briefly pre-explain this next bunch of gibberish, "sys:"
is like df0:, df1: and Ram: except it's kind of a wildcard.  The line
could read "if exists df0:system", "df0" instead of "sys:", and it would
also work perfectly.  Use df0 until you understand Sys a little better.

  Anyway, we KNOW the System directory is on df0, so we don't need all this
yak.  And, may I remind you, the commands If and Endif have to be read off
the disk, so it's basically time-consuming and well as needless.  The idea is
to issue the command "Path System Add" if the System directory exists, which
we know does.  The "Add" is also unnecessary so those six lines get con-
densed to:

                        Path System
                        Path Utilities

  The command Path can accept an extended string, so the final command
ends up:

                        Path System Utilities

  Six lines down to one!  When we get done you'll want to time our new
startup versus the master disk.

  The "Dir Ram:" is about the silliest thing we've seen yet.  The idea isn't
to "Dir" Ram, it's just to call attention to it so Workbench will recognize
it and the Ram icon will load.  ANY command that involves Ram will do, and
gee, what's that right below but a "Path Ram:"?  So wipe out the "Dir Ram:"
and "Path Ram:" and change the Path command to "Path Ram: System Utilities".

  Put SetMap into hibernation.  There may be some great use for it I've
never heard or thought of so you're certainly welcome to investigate it for
yourself.  Find out about InitPrinter and SlowMemLast while you're there.

  You'll use AddBuffers until you pick up a copy, oops, 'scuse me, dirty
word, pick up your FaccII disk down at the store and get it going.  Briefly,
when you run AddBuffers it takes storage out of Ram and allocates it for
remembering the stuff that most recently took place.  Then it calls it out
of memory instead of having to re-access the disk, MUCH quicker.  Using the
Delete, backspace and arrow keys, change the 20 to 150 and delete all the
rest of that crap.  If you have a meg of Ram, change it to 300 or 350 or
something (it won't hurt anything) and have fun.  Make sure to leave that
space after the colon before the number.  Be incredibly generous and give
grateful little df1 50 or so.

  The bad news about AddBuffers, and why it's quickly going to end up on
the scrap heap, is that it can't be "turned off" so you can get the Ram
back.  FaccII is a sophisticated AddBuffers, complete with OFF switch.
Compared to every other piece of good software you'll buy, it's about the
least expensive at around $25-$30.  And by far and away the most-used, if
not appreciated.  An excellent program.

  Next on the list is LoadWB, which is the one that makes all the racket
as the disk icons are loaded.  As you may know, LoadWb isn't strictly
necessary.  If you're running certain animations, for instance, LoadWb isn't
used.  In that case we'd need a different st-seq but fortunately there's a
great program out there in BBS/FredFish land called Select that will allow
us to SELECT our st-seq at the very beginning of boot-up.  Nice!

  Blow FailAt away.  FailAt is for the command following it in the script-
file, in this case SetClock.  If you don't have the meg of Ram, and thus the
real time clock, FailAt keeps an error message from flashing.  If you don't
have the meg, blast both of them.

  SetClock, perhaps amazingly, is fine just the way it is.  You can puzzle
out the difference between opt load and opt save on your own.

  Scratch Date, like, who needs it.  It just spits out the date.

  Endcli is just fine too.  That "> nil:" directs the "CLI task ending"
message EndCLI flashes to zeroland.  Same with the clock.  Note how the ">"
is next to the nil: in SetClock but a space away from it in EndCLI.  It only
shows that it doesn't matter.  Nice of them to give us this little example.

  If and when you have problems with the st-seq, use the Echo command in
front of every command to tell you what's coming next, so you'll be able to
see where it fails.  Something like

                     Echo "Adding paths.."
                     Path Ram: System Utilities
                     etc

                                       *

  So gee, uh, didn't leave much, did we?  Looks to me like we've got

                     Path Ram: System Utilities
                     AddBuffers df0: 150 df1: 50
                     LoadWb
                     SetClock > nil: opt load
                     EndCLI > nil:


  Hate to say it, but that's all!  Hit Esc, then "X", then Return to save it.

                                       *

  Reboot this puppy and check that startup time.

  And the semi-amazing thing is that it's the exact same startup result we
had at the beginning, we just kind of streamlined things a bit.

  Minor Note:  Always set the paths BEFORE LoadWb.

                                       *

  We're not keeping Notepad on this disk so:

                     Dir fonts opt a      ;to take a look, if you haven't
                     Delete fonts all     ;watch the byte gauge on this one!
                     MakeDir fonts

  Wild, eh?  It isn't that there's so many bytes involved, it's that
whole bunch of sub-directories.  When a directory is created, a certain
byteage is kind of "assumed" for that directory, hence all the disk space
needed for a bunch of truly bite-sized fonts.  When you learn how to use the
command Assign we'll get the space back AND save the fonts.  For now get
rid of them.  If you're hooked on Notepad and want all the neat fonts, make
yourself another copy of Workbench, call it NoteBench and use that disk
for quote, word-processing, unquote.

  The font you see on the screen, like in a CLI window, is a default font
residing deep in the darker recesses of the Amiga.  Like the t directory, we
may not use the font directory but we want it there just in case some program
comes along looking for it.  The font you see, by the way, can (naturally!)
be changed with a BBS prog named NewFont.  I'll mention it later when I list
out the BBS/FredFish programs you'll need.

                                       *

  Okay!  I'd say that's Step One; clearing some room on the Bench and
straightening up the st-seq.  Make a master copy of this disk named
BlankBench.  Whenever you make a master copy of something always boot it up
just to be sure it works.  This is especially true if you don't have
MarauderII yet.  Rename this disk "Workbench" and this is the one we'll use.

                                       *
