


                              THE TEST:



  So...you thought you could sneak out before test time, huh??  Thought no
one would notice if you just kind of shuffled off out the back door there,
didn't ya?  Well!!  You just park your little butt right down, haul out a
pencil and prove to us both right here and now whether you deserve to wear
the prestigious title "computer operator" or not.

  I know you're still new to this, and may not feel up to a test just yet,
but rest assured, you probably know more than you give yourself credit for.
Most of the questions will be pretty straightforward, such as:

  23. If BMFLAG rootblock EX_MAP overlays <string> MASK2, then OVERLINK <x>
      bitmaps will data locate OFFSET <absep> = |label|END.

                a. True                   b. False

so I don't think we'll have any hassles there.  And if you feel the need to
use the books, hey, I understand..I've been there too.  Also, your Amiga
may not be powerful enough for some of the calculations involved, so my best
advice would be to turn off the monitor before each big calculation so as to
conserve as much power as possible.  Also, make sure the fridge doesn't go
on, or the phone or doorbell ring.

  After that, we'll..ha ha, just kidding.  Just a little pre-test.

  Actually, you can't use the books OR the computer.  This is a TEST, you
idiots, not a book report!


Rules:

  a. Anything goes
  b. Spelling counts
  c. No writing in the margins
  d. There's probably only one correct answer per question
  e. No getting mad at me if you miss an easy one and I call you a jackass


                              *        *        *


1.  The numeric keypad, way over to the right there, is used for:

  A) Couldn't begin to tell ya

  B) It's identical to the number keys

  C) Tetrix, Flight Simulator, maybe a few others

  D) Interfacing with the 1020



2.  As well as our diskettes, the Amiga can also use the old-style five and
a half inch disks quite adequately with no additional equipment except the
drive:

  A) This is true

  B) No, you need an additional power supply

  C) No, you need another power supply, separate device driver, and a
     modulator box, like the Supra 890

  D) No, the whole thing's ridiculous from the get-go



3.  "CLI" stands for:

  A) Command Line Interpreter

  B) Command Link (to) Intuition

  C) Commodore Line Interpreter

  D) Commodore Link Interlink

  E) Command Line Interface

  F) C and D

  G) A and E



4.  "Multitasking" means:

  A) Doing lots of stuff at once

  B) Employing the CLI to perform a function from Intuition, and a program
     using one of the .libraries or .devices at the same time.

  C) Two users operating out of the same WorkBench environment, often using
     the commands Ask, Skip and Lab in the st-seq to differentiate who is who

  D) Running the same program in a background behind itself



5.  We:  Copy x > nil:
         Copy nil: > par:

  A) This won't work because we don't have the nil.library in libs

  B) This copies file x to the printer

  C) This copies directory x to the printer

  D) This just plain ol' won't work



6.  Say uses both the translator.device and the narrator.library, which
take up about 35K of memory.  Sweep or Flush gets this memory back.

  A) Sounds good to me!

  B) What are ya, some kind of nut?

  C) You can never get all the memory back, but maybe up to 90 per cent

  D) This only works with the FastMem pack unless you run SlowMemLast first



7.  The Trashcan is:

  A) Essentially valueless

  B) User-friendly in the extreme

  C) Filler space for the WorkBench window

  D) A Commodore first and, hopefully, last

  E) All of the above



8.  A Project differs from a Tool in that:

  A) A Project is Used, whereas you Use a Tool

  B) Tools always have an even-numbered number of bytes, Projects odd

  C) Projects need Tools, but Tools don't need Projects

  D) it involves a scriptfile and an Xicon-type program to run it



9.  To find out how many bytes a file is, you use the command:

  A) Dir

  B) Info

  C) List

  D) Status

  E) Assign



10.  We have a 10,000 byte text file called BookList and we want to print
just the last 3,000 bytes.  We:

  A) use the CLI command "Copy BookList#?/-3000 par:"

  B) Ed the file, mark off the part you want printed with BS and BE, then
     use "WB"par:"

  C) use "WriteBlock > fileX > parallel.device"

  D) use "Join opt r -7000 Booklist > par:"



11.  The command Redraw, from the WorkBench title bar:

  A) may be one of those secret, valuable tools no one knows about

  B) Aligns all selected icons in a window along the same horizontal and
     vertical axes.

  C) Distributes all selected icons in a window to their furthest points
     from each other and the window's edges.

  D) Attempts to reorganize the screen if a tool blows up



12.  For greatest long-term accuracy, it's always best to use the Digital
Clock instead of the Analog, because analog isn't as accurate:

  A) True, everybody knows that

  B) While granting that analog isn't as accurate as digital, the difference
     would probably be unnoticeable unless you left them running a few days.

  C) This is true because the analog Clock uses clock hands, which means
     graphic usage, thus slowing down the processor.  It's even more
     noticeable when the Clock is dragged out to its largest size.

  D) I know it SOUNDS right...but it just doesn't FEEL right!



13.  The text curser is:

  A) That little gold block the letters come out of

  B) That block marker at the bottom of Ed

  C) That block the pointer turns into when using a word processor

  D) That blockhead yelling at the monitor!



14.  If you see an "Assign t: Ram:t" in somebody's st-seq, it means:

  A) somebody is being very lazy

  B) somebody is being very impatient

  C) t is now Assigned to bi-data memory

  D) the tool back-up feature is now working out of Ram

  E) this person is a programmer, thus also incorporating answers A and B



15.  Let's say you've got IconEd in the System drawer, you load it up, make
a snazzy icon, and want to save it to the Utilities drawer.  In the Save
box, you type "Utilities/MyIcon", then Save Image:

  A) Yes, that'll save the little rascal as "MyIcon.info"

  B) No, it'll just save it as "MyIcon"

  C) No, you're both wrong..it'll save it as "Utilities/MyIcon.info"

  D) Sorry kid, it's Error Message time



16.  Two good things about the Trashcan directory are that it can't be moved
into another directory, or deleted.  This is often useful because:

  A) There are times when you have to make absolutely sure you're not going
     to make a mistake.

  B) This is the only thing that will override the Protect RWED feature

  C) You can activate another drawer's icon, then also the Trashcan icon,
     then Empty Trash and it only empties the contents of the other drawer,
     but not the actual directory, unlike "Delete (dir) all"

  D) Say what you want, it's STILL garbage!



17.  The reason the stock Preferences has the CLI turned off is because:

  A) Pyschology tests showed that people have an immediate need to do SOME-
     thing to their computers, and highlighting the Prefs CLI box and maybe
     moving the Key Repeat Delay slider a bit are there for that purpose.

  B) They wanted to make sure all the old-timers got a good eyeballfull of
     the slick, new Amiga WorkBench screen before abandoning it forever.

  C) Child studies have proven that children don't have the dexterity to
     activate an icon, pull down the menu to Discard and release the button
     and then click in the "Are you sure?" requester box, whereas the
     chances that some toddler will amble up to the keyboard and type in
     "Delete df0:#? all" are perhaps greater than one in ten.

  D) Answer C, but insert the word "new-user" for "toddler"

  E) All of the above



18.  If we "dir fonts df0:t", we:

  A) have created a monster

  B) have renamed the file's font to df0:t/font

  C) have typed the dir fonts, copying to df0 at the same time

  D) have dir'ed the typed fonts, deleting from df0 at the same time

  E) None of the above



19.  You should wrap a piece of grounded aluminum foil around the connectors
going into the back of the Amiga because:

  A) It greatly reduces line interference, glitches and kludges

  B) It protects the Amiga from random static electricity created by the
     monitor

  C) It prevents accidental food or drink spills from getting on the
     cable ends, the most common cause of computer failure
 
  D) none of the above

  E) Hey, I thought this test was gonna be hard!



20.  The custom chip Fat Agnus:

  A) uses a double bit-blitter in conjunction with the parallax processor

  B) generates all system clocks from the 360 Mhz oscillator

  C) provides the address to the video and expansion RAM multitasking

  D) displays the Unsynchronized Coprocessor

  E) None of the above

  F) Hey, I thought this test was gonna be easy!!



21.  Which one of these Ed commands is correct:

  A) ESC J     join current line with next

  B) ESC SR    set right margin

  C) ESC SH    show information

  D) ESC SB    show block on screen

  E) all of the above

  F) none of the above



22.  In the Command Sequence Files chapter in Compute's AmigaDOS book, they
try to get a little jazzy by using some Ram, like so:

                       MakeDir Ram:c
                       Copy c/Copy Ram:c/Copy
                       Assign X: Ram:c/Copy
                       Assign D: Ram:c
                       CD SYS:c

                       X: Assign D:
                       X: CD D:
                       X: Delete D:
                       X: Dir D:
                       X: DiskCopy D:
                       X: Echo D:
                          (etc)
                       X: Type D:

                       CD SYS:
                       Assign c: Ram:c
                       Assign d: C:Delete


  What's wrong with this picture?

  A) For starters, copying the Copy command to Ram first is unnecessary
     because we have AddBuffers or FaccII already running at a minimum of 100

  B) The above was not updated for Version 1.2, so the Assign X command will
     fail, as dir X does not exist at that point

  C) The whole D and X thing is unnecessary.  It only saves you a tiny bit of
     typing, and isn't worth it in additional confusion, not to mention
     disk access time

  D) The above will not work with 1.2 because you cannot Assign a command,
     like Copy, only directories and devices

  E) C and A

  F) D and A

  G) D and B

  H) B and C



23.  The above question illustrates:

  A) how necessary it is to make sure your books are updated for the latest
     version

  B) how unlikely it is that the books will tell you the REAL way to do it,
     regardless of version, computer make or publisher.

  C) how much smoother commands roll out of Ram than memory

  D) That whereas X: = Ram:c/Copy, Assign C: = D: rather than c/Assign



24.  The command Rename does NOT change just the upper or lower case of
letters in a word, such as "Rename fox to Fox":

  A) Everybody knows that

  B) It does, but not in Ram

  C) It only works if you capitalize the word "Rename" in the command

  D) It does, but only when moving the file to a different directory



25.  One problem with DOS is that it isn't "user-friendly" like WorkBench,
so if we Rename or Copy a file to one that's already there, it wipes out
the original:

  A) Hey, that's one of the first things we learned!

  B) This is true, but not in Ram

  C) It won't if you use the command "Copy (fromfile) (tofile) opt c"

  D) Wait a minute...there's somethin' fishy here...



26.  One slick undocumented trick is to have a Bench in df1 loaded with JUST
the stuff you want in Ram..then after booting up you simply take the df1
icon and drop it onto the Ram icon, which copies it over quickly and cleanly
without a long, involved startup-sequence:

  A) Hey, I didn't know that!

  B) This is true, but the trick is you have to remove the "SYS:System/Disk-
     Copy" from the Bench's Default Tool box in the Info window

  C) This works, but you have to Rename the Ram disk to something else first

  D) Sorry, buddy..disks are of incompatible type and cannot be copied


27.  As it turned out, I was quite wrong about SetMap and it has a vital
purpose after all:

  A) The keymaps also incorporate part of the printer driver sequence, so
     your printer won't operate completely correctly without them

  B) The keymaps also incorporate part of the Alternate key sequences, so
     they won't print right otherwise

  C) It was designed to run after LoadWb in the startup-sequence and makes
     the disk-thrashing much quieter

  D) The USA1 keymap is the "international" keymap, so BBS's, for instance,
     are all compatible

  E) Just kidding



28.  The term "booting up" comes from:

  A) The expression "pull yourself up by the bootstraps"

  B) The first thing you do when you finish dressing is pull your boots on

  C) The "boot block" is a part of the Amiga innards, which it accesses even
     before the startup-sequence

  D) There is no derivation in this case

  E) Possibly some of the above



29.  Which of these is NOT a device:

  A) RAW

  B) COM

  C) SER

  D) PRT

  E) DF2

  F) DH0



30.  Which of these does anything at all:

  A) Date < now.date

  B) List > nofile

  C) Copy fileX > output file

  D) Delete df0:Xfile >> nil:

  E) Run sys:s/startup-sequence



31.  The command "Relabel" is:

  A) used with word processing

  B) used to make envelope and package labels

  C) used when "Rename" isn't

  D) for changing the name of both a directory and its sub-directories



32.  You "CD" and the computer responds "WorkBench:".  You "CD c", then "CD"
     and the computer responds "WorkBench:c".  You type "CD /", then type
     "CD" and the computer responds:

  A) "WorkBench:c"

  B) "DF0:"

  C) "WorkBench:"

  D) "/"

  E) "WorkBench:/"



33.  If you didn't get the last question, it's because:

  A) you didn't study worth beans

  B) you think it's unfair 'cause it wasn't in the tutorial

  C) You never thought of using the wildcard directory "/" before

  D) You thought it might be a trick question...as if I'd stoop so low

  E) All of the above



34.  If not Exists Ram:xx
     Run Clock
     Else
     Run CLI
     EndIf

     means:

  A) A CLI is opened up if Ram:xx is a binary file

  B) The Clock is run unless the CLI was opened if xx in Ram existed

  C) Ram:xx is a file, not a directory

  D) Ram:xx is a directory, not a file

  E) A and C

  F) B and D



35.  If you have a copy of WorkBench in df1, and "Install df1:", you:

  A) wipe df1 clean

  B) do essentially nothing

  C) make the disk boot straight to the CLI

  D) make the disk boot quicker, as you've re-written the Install boot sector
     to the most recent area on the disk



36.  If you see a "FROM/A,TO,OPT/K", it's a:

  A) Format

  B) Template

  C) Specification

  D) Sequence Option Control

  E) Nightmare


37.  If one of your keys gets sticky, the best thing to do is:

  A) shoot it liberally with WD-40 or LPS-2

  B) take it immediately to the shop and let the professional fix it

  C) pop the keycap off with a couple of butterknife tips and drip a little
     99 per cent isopropyl alcohol onto the sticky part, work it 'til it
     frees up then replace the keycap

  D) blow hot, moist breath on it through a tube for about three minutes

  E) lubricate it with warm milk



38.  The third button on a three-button mouse is:

  A) Hey now, wait just a minute, this has gone far enough!

  B) the equivalent of Ctrl-LeftAmiga-RightAmiga

  C) the equivalent of LeftAmiga-M and N

  D) the equivalent of the shift key

  E) for a function so sublime that our poor, humble Amiga can't handle it



39.  The RightAmiga-X command works just about everywhere you see the cursor:

  A) Yes, and a handy little command it can be!

  B) The IS no such thing as the command "RightAmiga-X"

  C) No, it only works in the WorkBench environment

  D) It works in the WorkBench and CLI environments, but not in things like
     terminal programs, paint programs or word processors unless specifi-
     cally programmed that way



40.  One of these won't do doodly-squat:

  A) Run Execute s/startup-sequence

  B) Dir > par: df1: opt a

  C) Assign "WorkBench 1.2": "df1:WorkBench BkUp2":

  D) run > nil: delete fonts all quiet

  E) List > fileX Clock.info


41.  The pixel arrays of Lo-Res, Med-Res, Interlace and Hi-Res are:

  A) 200x200, 400x400, 600x600, 800x800

  B) 120x240, 240x360, 360x480, 480x600

  C) 320x200, 640x200, 320x400, 640x400

  D) 340x280, 340x560, 560x340, 560x680



42.  The audio.device resides:

  A) deep within the bowels of the Amiga

  B) in the devs directory, where it belongs

  C) in any directory you choose, as long as it's one of the ones recognized
     by the Amiga, like libs, c or devs.

  D) Uh, gee, us, WHAT audio.device?



43.  Which of these puppies actually has a chance of running:

  A) Ed 2X3=6

  B) Rename df0:fonts/topaz.font df1:fonts/topaz2.font

  C) Ed Xfile3:

  D) Execute Run Clock

  E) Ed /\/\/\/\/\

  F) Ya want the truth?  None of 'em



44.  To open a CLI window the size of the entire screen, we use for
     Interlace Mode "NewCLI con:0/0/640/400/", and for Non-Interlace Mode
     "NewCLI con:0/0/640/200/":

  A) Something STILL seems fishy, but okay, I'll bite

  B) Oops!  It should have been "con:640/400/0/0/" and "con:640/200/0/0/"

  C) If those are the numbers you're using, forget it

  D) Ah ha, caught you this time!  There has to be a space after the colon!



45.  When you have a hard drive, in the st-seq you assign virtually all the
directories on df0 over to dh0:

  A) Of course..the computer won't run without them

  B) It's not necessary, as the various dirs are already on the hard drive

  C) No, not all, only the recognized Amiga directories

  D) You only need to do this if you're going to CD from the hard drive

  E) Just like that, huh?  Well...okay



46.  In Interlace mode, the Calculator operates at a somewhat slower speed
     when you resize it to larger than half the screen:

  A) No, the size has nothing to do with math functions.  Whud'ya think we
     are, anyways..stoopid??

  B) True, once you re-size a "processing tool", like the Calculator or
     Notepad, beyond half the screen (in Interlace mode), it dips into
     processor power to sustain the graphic image, thus slowing it down

  C) No, it only gives the illusion of being slowed down because the
     numbers and buttons and everything are bigger

  D) This is impossible!



47.  You enter "Assign Bumpersnaggle: df0:Run".  Then you enter
"Assign Bumpersnaggle: df0:c/NewCLI".  You enter "Bumpersnaggle:" and up
pops a CLI window.  You enter "NewCLI" and:

  A) The Bumpersnaggle program begins to run

  B) Nothing happens, because of the re-Assign

  C) You get an error message

  E) A normal CLI window pops up

  F) You get a requester asking for Volume Bumpersnaggle

  G) The CLI returns the message "Cannot process information, all lines busy"



48.  It's important to back up valuable disks because:

  A) your disk could accidentally get infected by a virus

  B) you bought a cheap (under $50) surge protector and the computer could
     get zapped in the middle of a write and waste the disk

  C) you could wipe one out simply by pressing on it too hard while putting
     on a new label

  D) it could just suddenly out-of-the-blue one day have a read/write error,
     not validate correctly, Guru out the machine, who-knows?

  E) dust and smoke particles are like boulders to the disks, and hey, that
     looks like one floating this way now!

  F) and, of course, it's JUST possible some rank beginner might wipe out a
     ton of good stuff with a simple inadvertant flick of the wrist.

  G) ALL of the above


49.  Noah's.arc was good for you because:

  A) It kept the likes of you off the streets

  B) Your neighbors finally got some sleep

  C) You cut down on your vices because you couldn't do both at once

  D) You are literally a different person than you were that short time ago

  E) Your parents finally have reason to hope

  F) YOU finally have reason to hope!

  G) All of the above



50.  The Amiga is just one hot computer because:

  A) the payment didn't require a second mortgage

  B) it's faster than slick

  C) you can do desk-top publishing in 4,096 colors

  D) it provides true multitasking

  E) it has built-in digital-to-analog converters for sound sampling

  F) it has stereo outputs with dedicated processors and MIDI support

  G) it has dedicated video coprocessors for animations and digitizing

  H) it supports SCSI devices

  I) it can digitize images on-line up to 30 frames a second

  J) it has a software selection of over 3,000 titles, NOT counting BBS's

  K) it can combine internal and external video on-screen

  L) it uses an intuitive graphic interface

  M) it uses a 32-bit MC68000 processor

  N) it just generally blows the doors off anything else you've ever seen

  O) there hasn't been anything else like it, before or since

  P) it has made this one of the most exciting times of our lives

  Q) it has enabled us to transcend to a different dimension..
      
       a dimension, as they say,

       not only of sight and sound, but of mind...

  R) and not just transcend a demension, but to be part of an evolution..

  S) and, to be just beginning...



  T) All of the above



                              *        *        *




  Fun, huh?  Whad'ya MEAN it was slanted, biased, unfair, unethical and
morally degrading?!  That's what tests are FOR...

  to prepare you for the real world!

                                       *

  You should Type another copy of Part7 so you can look at both the
questions and answers at the same time.

                                       *

ANSWERS:

  Oh no...now I've got to scrape all these bruised egos off the floor.
Hey, don't let it bother you that you didn't know "CD /" meant return to the
previous directory...and ANYone could have gotten that "text curser" one
wrong!  Okay, so I'm a sneaky guy!  You KNEW that!



1. (C) Well, it's certainly not identical, and no accountant in their right
mind would use such a cheap keyboard for a calculator, so we'll just have to
assume it's for programmers and business spreadsheets and the like.  I've
run what seems like a zillion programs on this thing and the only two I can
recall that use the numeric keypad exclusively are Tetrix and Fight
Simulator.  If you want a point for answer A, go ahead and take it.  I mean,
the truth is the truth.

2. (D) Sorry, but they aren't five and a HALF inches, they're five and a
QUARTER!  Hey, if you can't read, don't blame me.

3. (G) The books are filled with it both ways, even in the same paragraph.

4. (A) Hey..didn't I say some things are obvious?

5. (D) Granted, I DID have to try it just to make sure...

6. (B) Sorry again.  The ".device" and ".library" are switched around.

7. (E) I think I've made my position on the Trashcan clear by now...

8. (C) I sure hope you didn't answer "B".

9. (C) Why does this look like the first FAIR question on the test?

10. (C) I know, I know..you were torn between "A" and "D"..and no, answer
        "C" isn't a CLI command, it's just computersimplespeak.  By the way,
        as a side benefit to my writing this question, I learned that
        "WB"par:" works!  Who woulda thought?  

11. (D) Never used it.  Cheap shot, huh?

12. (D) I hope this is obvious, but they're BOTH digital!

13. (D) Sorry, but rules are rules.

14. (B) It just hastens up Ed a tiny bit.  And who wants trash in Ram?  And
        on top of that, you might very very much WANT the Ed-Backup someday,
        and if it's assigned to Ram, it's  all gone, bye-bye.

15. (D) You have to issue the full pathname "df0:Utilities/MyIcon"

16. (D) Don't mind me while I take one last swipe at it.

17. (E) Okay, okay..so the chances are about one in twenty.

18. (E) certainly looks like it oughta do something, doesn't it?

19. (D) None of this stuff is for real, I made it all up.  If you spill
        a drink on the Amiga, the cable ends are the LAST things you have
        to worry about.  It all sounded good, though.

20. (C) Hey, so I gave you ONE toughie..what's the beef?

21. (E) I'm embarrassed for us both if you didn't get this one

22. (E) I hate to think how much mental damage this one example has done...

23. (B) Even updated versions are filled with errors, such as...

24. (B) The Bantam book SAYS it doesn't, but it does.  But not in Ram.

25. (D) Copy wipes it out, Rename gives you an error message.

26. (D) Sure sounded good, didn't it?

27. (E) Sorry to jest at such a serious time.

28. (A/E) I kid you not, one of the DOS books mentioned "bootstraps".

29. (B) That's "CON", for "Console", not "COM", you idiot.

30. (B) Gee, come to think of it, I never DID try "D"...

31. (C) Go to the back of the class if you said "B".

32. (C) Hey, I'm TIRED of hearing about what a dirty trick this was!

33. (A-E) Look on the bright side..at least you got THIS one right!

34. (B) Okay, so my off a little wording was.

35. (B) "D" sounds good, but it has to be written FIRST.

36. (B) No, I don't know how to read it either.

37. (C) You didn't know YOUR Intuition was going to be tested also!

38. (D) Hey, if you're a "computer operator", you find this stuff out.

39. (A) It's "built-in", works everywhere.

40. (C) The end quotes have to be OUTside the colons.

41. (C) Now really, was this asking too much?

42. (A) It's in ROM or something.  I know it's there somewhere.

43. (F) I bet you put answer "A".  Ha ha, can't use an equal sign.

44. (A) What, don't you trust me??

45. (E) You don't "need" to, you can always use full pathnames.

46. (D) The Calculator can't be re-sized at ALL, you goof-ball!

47. (E) The computer now recognizes two commands for NewCLI

48. (G) Did I say "possible"?  Excuse me, I meant "probable".

49. (G) Hey, if it isn't obvious to you, it is to everyone else.

50. (T) Go ahead, call me sentimental.


                              *        *        *

Scoring:

 0 - 10  Took this test by accident

10 - 20  Did the tutorial, THEN took this test by accident!

20 - 29  See you back in Part2.

30 - 34  An eleven year-old scored a 33 on this test just last week...

35 - 39  Well, ya took the test too soon, but you're okay.

40 - 44  You mean you actually OPENED the DOS books?!

45 - 48  Looks like we're calling you Computer Operator!

49 - 50  Excuse me, that was MISTER Computer Operator!!

                                       *

  Well, the first thing you've got to do it get rid of all the terrible
ideas I warped your mind with during the test.  I mean, "Join opt r -7000
Booklist"??  Hello?  I still like the "analog clock" one.  If you didn't get
it correct you have to write "My computer is digital" on the blackboard one
hundred times.  

  By the way, that business with the sticky keys is for real, did my "n"
just the other day.  Don't use too much, just a drop or two.  Has to be the
99 per cent stuff, available at the pharmacy.  Pry the keycap straight off
and put it straight back on.  I waive all legal responsibility.

  And lastly, while keeping in mind that it's crazy, feel free to try
variations of any of the goofy stuff in the test.  You can't hurt anything
and after all...

  ..the Search for UnLoadWb has got to start somewhere!


                                       *

  Stay loose, krazy kats.



                                 **  The BenchMaster  **



