This directory contains the "Programmer's Manual" for the Memory 
Library, a description and tutorial of the MemLib functions in 
"RKRM" style.

For compatibility reasons and to provide optimal qualitiy, I decided
to write this manual in LaTeX2e, hence output files are in "dvi"
format, and have been converted to postscript with the "dvips" program.

The manual is available as "TeX dvi" output file and as postscript
files generated for 360x360dpi and 600x600dpi resolution. The postscript
files can be printed directly on printers with a build in postscript
interpreter, as in many modern laser printers. Otherwise, the 
"ghostscript" package on Aminet will be able to print these files on
*any* Amiga printer. Check the ghostscript documentation for details
on installation and configuration. 

The ".dvi" file can be printed by the "DVIPrint" program which is,
for example, part of the PasTex package. It is also available on the
Aminet. The file can be browsed on the screen with "ShowDVI", a 
"dvi previewer". On many Un*x installations, the "xdvi" program will 
provide the same. 

However, the manual was typeset using the relatively new "ec" fonts which
are not part of the rather old PasTex distribution. Many modern TeX 
installations as the well-known "tetex" for Un*x like operating systems 
offer them already. The "ec" fonts are also available separately on the 
CTAN servers, for example at the german mirror at "ftp.dante.de". 
Installation of the "ec" fonts in an existing PasTex environment requires 
some basic TeX and METAFONT knowledge, though. Give METAFONT about one
hour to generate all the required fonts.

Redistribution of this manual is allowed according to my "licence rules",
as usual. This means, for short, that the manual is free for private users.
In case you want to publish this manual, for example on a CR-ROM, and want
to redistribute it, please contact me.  The full licence is in the manual,
please consult it for further details.


So long,
	Thomas Richter		(February 2002)
