
   Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies  of  this
manual provided the copyright  notice  and  this  permission  notice  are
preserved on all copies.


COPYRIGHT

   Freeware 1999-2004 by Useless Software (Stefano Ruviero)


NO WARRANTY

   There is no warranty for this software package.  Although  the  author
has tried to prevent errors he can't guarantee that the software  package
described in this document is 100% reliable. You are therefore using this
material at your own risk. The author cannot be made responsible for  any
damage which is caused by using this software package.


DISTRIBUTION

   This software package is freely distributable. It may be transfered to
any media which is used for the distribution of free software like Public
Domain disk collections, CDROMs, FTP servers or bulletin board systems.

   The author cannot be made responsible if  this  software  package  has
become unusable due to modifications of the archive contents  or  of  the
archive files itself.

   There is no limit on the fee taken by distributors, e.g. for the media
costs of floppy disks, streamer tapes or compact discs, or the process of
duplicating. Such limits have proven to be harmful to the idea of  freely
distributable software, e.g. the software package was removed instead  of
reducing the price of a floppy disk below the limit.

   Although the author does not impose any limit on these fees  he  would
like to express his personal opinions on this matter:

   * This software package should be made available to everyone  free  of
     charge whenever this is possible.

   * If you have purchased this software package under normal  conditions
     from a Public Domain dealer on a floppy disk and have paid more than
     5DM or US $5 then you have definitely paid too  much.  Please  don't
     support this improper profit making  any  longer  and  switch  to  a
     cheaper source as soon as possible.


USAGE RESTRICTIONS

   No program, document, data file or  source  code  from  this  software
package, neither in whole nor in part, may be used on any  machine  which
is used

   * for the research, development, construction, testing  or  production
     of weapons or other military applications. This  also  includes  any
     machine which is  used  in  the  education  for  any  of  the  above
     mentioned purposes.

   * by people who accept, support or use violence against other  people,
     e.g. citizens from foreign countries.

   * by people who accept, support or use violence  against  animals  and
     the environment in general.
