What is the Amiga?

The Amiga is a unique computer platform with its own architecture
which is optimized for graphics and general Multimedia applications.
It is built on the Motorola 680x0 processor family.
\#+
What Amiga models are currently available?

The flagship is the Amiga 4000/040 with a 68040 processor. The
cheaper variant, the A4000/030, runs with a 68EC030 processor.
Both models come in a desktop case and offer many expansion options
via plug-in boards or inside mountable drives. In both models,
the 32-bit processor works at a clock speed of 25 MHz.
The Amiga 1200 is a compact home computer, which has all its
electronics built into the keyboard case. Still it offers a
32-bit 68EC020 processor with a 32-bit data bus and 14 MHz clock
speed, 2 MB RAM, a full keyboard, and provision to mount a 2.5"
harddisk drive inside.
The Amiga CD남 is the first 32-bit game console of the world. It is
built on top of the A1200 technology and offers a double-speed, multi-
session CD drive.
All current Amiga models run with the AGA chipset.
\#+
What Amigas were there before?

The first Amiga ever was the A1000 with a 68000 processor, 7 MHz
clock speed, 256 KB RAM, everything in a neat, compact desktop
case, offering the unique feature of a "keyboard garage". The
software for this grandfather of the Amigas still runs flawlessly
on the newest models.
The A1000 was followed by the pair A500/A2000. The A500 became the
leading home computer succeding the Commodore C64, while the A2000
with its vast expansion capabilities via slots and bays became the
work horse for professional applications.
The A3000 brought the 68030 processor and the ECS (Enhanced Chip Set).
Shortly afterwards, the tower variant A3000T also appeared.
The A600 brought ECS into the home computer category.
The Commodore CDTV was the first CD-ROM Multimedia device for the
living room or for education purposes.
\+
Since when were there Amigas?

The Amiga 1000 was introduced in 1985 in the USA and shortly afterwards
in the rest of the world.
\+
How did the Amiga Operating System evolve over time?

The first Amigas shipped with OS 1.1. The significant features like
preemptive multitasking, 32-bit structure, and Autoconfig were there
from the beginning as firm parts, features which only today slowly
enter other platforms. As OS 1.1 still contained some bugs, it was
soon followed by OS 1.2, which also had a restyled user interface.
With OS 1.3 came the ability to boot from a harddisk. OS 2.0 brought
a complete redesign of the graphical user interface, some additional
capabilities, and support of the ECS chipset. OS 2.1 added support
for international languages. OS 3.0 added further features, like the
Datatypes, plus support of the AGA chipset. Soon OS 3.1 will be
ready which among other new features will offer a CD-ROM filesystem.
\
What's special with the multitasking of AmigaOS?

AmigaOS features preemptive multitasking. This means a program does
not need to be explicitly designed for multitasking and still it
works effectively together with many others simultaneously. The
reaction on user actions is instantaneous, the mouse cursor follows
the mouse moves without a delay.
\+
What are the hardware demands of AmigaOS?

AmigaOS is extremely efficient in regards of memory amount and
computing time. With only 1 or 2 MB RAM, you already can work
with several full-blown application programs in multitasking,
without any noticeable delays. Also on your harddisk, AmigaOS
and typical applications need relatively little space.
\+
Is AmigaOS a "Realtime OS"?

Theoretically no, practically yes. For a so-called "realtime OS"
you must be able to guarantee maximal reaction times after external
signals. For AmigaOS such guarantees are not given, but on the
other hand it's so efficient and fast in reaction that it is already
used in many realtime control applications in the industry.
\
Is AmigaOS "Object Oriented"?

The Amiga Operating System was created in a time when "OO" was not
yet a hype term. But it is state of the art and incorporates many
ideas from object oriented design philosophies. This is one of the
reasons why the OS is so compact, efficient, and simultaneously
flexible.
\
What is the IFF standard?

IFF stands for "Interchange File Format" and defines a data format
for storage and exchange of data between different programs. All
Amiga applications support this standard, so that data like image
files can be processed without problems by several programs after
one another. But IFF covers not only graphics, also sound data,
text, and configuration data are stored in IFF format.
\+
What do Amiga and Multimedia have in common?

Much. The Amiga traditionally offers everything you need to combine
computer graphics, animations, and film sequences with synchroneous
sound, plus the ability to control external devices like laserdisc
players, all of this under interactive control of the user. This is
what multimedia really means. The above mentioned IFF standard has
contributed its share to the easiness of this integration of different
data types. On the Amiga platform this is daily business since day one
and has matured since 1985 continuously, so that one can choose
today from a broad palette of professional software for this field.
At the days of 1985, this just was not yet called "Multimedia", but
it was already heavily in use.
\#+
Can you use the Amiga for Virtual Reality?

Yes, and it's done already in a big scale. Virtual Reality uses
multimedia methods plus additional sensors and display devices.
Thanks to its fast multitasking OS, the Amiga is especially suited
to process these masses of data. Several commercial Virtual Reality
game arcades are built on Amiga technology.
\+
Can the Amiga work with CD-ROM's?

Besides the models CDTV and CD남, that already come with CD-ROM drives
factory-installed, also the other Amigas can be equipped with such
drives. Normally you just add a SCSI host adaptor to your Amiga
(the A3000 already comes with one) and connect a SCSI CD-ROM drive.
Driver software also for Kodak PhotoCD's is available on the market.
Beginning with OS release 3.1, the Amiga comes ready with CD support.
Some companies are already planning to offer interfaces to connect
the Amiga CD남 as a peripheral device to other Amigas or even
totally different computers.
\+
What is ARexx?

ARexx is a programming language that has become a part of the
AmigaOS. It is optimized to support the exchange of data and commands
between different programs. As soon as a program has an "ARexx port",
and this is now considered decent behaviour, it is remotely controllable.
Several application programs can thus be linked together to form powerful
integrated applications.
\
Why are there no integrated software packages for the Amiga?

Because you don't need them. With integrated packages, you too often
find that the components are not as powerful as single programs
normally are for the given task. On the Amiga, thanks to its
multitasking and to ARexx, you can use specialized, separate
programs that are optmized for their application and still can
cooperate to bundle their potentials.
\+
Why do you have to pay so much less for Amiga software?

In the broad palette of Amiga software you can find many gems at
small prices. Little programs that contribute to the ease of use
of daily work are often free. The idea of 'Public Domain'
software flourishes in the Amiga world. High-end software products
are often more powerful and still cheaper than their ports to
other computer platforms.
\+
Can I also play with the Amiga?

Yes, the Amiga is especially capable of playing games due to its
super-fast graphics. Its domain are action games with hundreds of
moving objects simultaneously moving on screen. The hardware sprites
provided by the Amiga custom chipset contribute the power for this.
\+
Can I also use an analog joystick with the Amiga?

Yes, the mouse/joystick connectors of the Amiga are also suited for
analog joysticks. Especially flight simulator programs use them,
though many other action games do not.
\+
What is the Amiga philosophy?

In short it's freedom and flexibility. The Amiga does not dictate
down to the last detail what the user or programmer has to do, or
how he is supposed to do it. There are always several approaches
possible. The user has for example the choice between the standard
graphical user interface "Workbench" and a comfortable Shell with
a command line interface, just what he finds more convenient.
Similarily it looks for the programmer, what gives Amiga programs
a special lively touch.
\+
Is the Amiga Operating System 16-bit or 32-bit?

The AmigaOS is since its first days (1985) a 32-bit OS, thanks to
the internal 32-bit architecture of the Motorola microprocessors.
Also every application software is thus 32-bit. So you do not need
a completely new set of operating system and application software
to exploit the 32-bit features of the current processor generation,
it happens automatically.
\#+
What programming languages are available?

There are assemblers, C, C++, Pascal, Modula 2, Oberon, Fortran,
Basic compilers, and several special or unique languages like BCPL,
E, scheme, Cluster, ARexx, Lisp, or Prolog.
The biggest part of the AmigaOS is written in C, the time-critical
parts in assembler. For most languages there are well-reputated
commercial compiler packages, but also Public Domain or Shareware
versions that make it easier for beginners in the Amiga programming
world. Programmers are supported by system documentation in book
form, the ROM Kernel Manuals, and in electronic form on floppy or
CD with Autodocs, Includes, Tools, and examples.
\
Are there Multimedia Authoring Systems for the Amiga?

To create Multimedia applications, be it passive presentations or
interactive informational or educational systems, there are
authoring systems like AmigaVision Professional, Scala, CanDo, and
several others more. Scala Infochannel even allows you to maintain
a remote-controlled, nation-wide net of information kiosks, you can
keep them up to date via modem. Or with AmigaVision, you can control
a Laserdisc player and overlay its output with that of the Amiga
(per genlock) to combine their features to even more attractivity.
\
What's so special with Motorola microprocessors?

The Amiga uses microprocessors of the 680x0 family by Motorola, where
the x stands for the ciphers 0, 1, 2, 3, or 4 currently. Already the
first member of this family is internally structured with 32-bit
width, though it appears more as a 16-bit type externally. This
processor family is especially flexible to program and offers the
programmer many possibilities to optimize his software. Key words
for the expert are "flat memory model without limiting segmentation",
a big number of internal, really general-purpose registers, and a
"nearly orthogonal command set".
\
What is an operating system emulation?

Each computer family works with especially tailored software, on
the operating system level as well as on the application level. When
you supply a computer with soft- and/or hardware so that it's able
to use software written for a different platform, this is called
an emulation. The Amiga is sort of a world champion in emulating
other platforms like PC, Macintosh, C64, Atari ST, and more.
\
Is the Amiga MS-DOS or PC compatible?

Not directly. The Amiga is in first line an own world with its own
philosophy. Thanks to its flexibility though there are several ways
to achieve MS-DOS compatibility: With the current AmigaOS versions
you can read and write disks directly in MS-DOS format to grant
easy data exchange. For low demands on processing speed there are
software MS-DOS emulators that fake a whole compatible PC purely
in software and allow to run standard DOS applications. For higher
demands there are hardware emulators containing an own PC processor,
thus offering full working speed.
\#+
Is the Amiga Macintosh compatible?

Yes, there are two hardware emulators available which include the
special Macintosh floppy and network hardware. The Macintosh operating
system is loaded and executed like on a normal Macintosh. This
transforms the Amiga into an almost native Macintosh without loss
of speed.
\+
What is a Graphical User Interface (GUI)?

With the graphics on the screen, a normal, but of course abstracted
bureau environment is displayed where e.g. files are kept in drawers.
With your mouse you mark and manipulate these objects, you select
items from menus or trigger certain actions by clicking on some
graphical symbol. Thanks to the design of those symbols, their
function is immediately visible and you can work with high
productivity without needing to learn much about it. That's why
the part of the AmigaOS which handles these elements of the GUI
is named Intuition.
\+
What is Kickstart?

Kickstart on the Amiga is the part of the operating system that
contains the central, life-important part. Normally it resides in
ROM chips, but on the A1000 it was loaded from a floppy, and certain
versions of the A3000 load it from harddisk.
\+
What is Workbench?

Workbench is the name of the graphics work environment that resembles
a bureau desk or the workbench of a craftsman. Here you can manipulate
files with your mouse, or use tools, i.e. start programs. There is no
artificial separation imposed between these two activities. The
location of the files in the directory tree of their data volume
is directly visible and not artificially hidden.
\+
What are Datatypes?

Datatypes are a new mechanism that was introduced with AmigaOS 3.0.
It enables application programs to directly recognize what sort of
data a certain file contains, be it graphics, music, text, or other
types. Accordingly there is now only one program remaining that is
able to display (or play) all these types of files. Datatypes are
another element that shows the object oriented character of AmigaOS,
as it's considered state of the art for current operating systems.
\+
Can the Amiga work with harddisks?

Yes. All current models have a harddisk built in or have provisions
to get one built in internally.
\#+
What harddisk capacities does the Amiga support?

The AmigaOS can handle harddisks with capacities up to 2 GB. You
may have several such drives in your Amiga system. 2 GB is also
the maximum size for one data file.
\+
How fast is the Amiga in accessing harddisks?

So fast that a well-known harddrive manufacturer uses Amiga 3000's
to test its SCSI harddrives, because this model loves fast drives
and can exploit them to their maximum.
\+
How much RAM can be handled by an Amiga?

Depending on the processor variant, you can expand the RAM up to 10 MB
or theoretically up to 2 GB. As soon as it's present you can use it
directly, there is no need for additional memory management software.
The limit of 2 GB is valid for the Amiga models A3000 and A4000. On
the mainboard of these computers you can plug in up to 18 MB RAM, and
for every of the four Zorro-III bus expansion slots you can buy today
cards with 256 MB capacity each. So there is already the possibility
to expand the Amiga RAM to over 1 GB!
\#+
What is the Zorro bus?

The Zorro bus is the standard for expansion cards on the bigger Amiga
models from the Amiga 2000 up. Here it was the Zorro-II bus which is
16 bits wide. The Zorro-III bus was introduced with the Amiga 3000.
It is 32 bits wide and one of the fastest bus systems currently on
the market. It's also downwards compatible with the Zorro-II bus.
One of the main features of Zorro bus is Autoconfig.
\+
What is Autoconfig?

On other computer systems you have to configure cards manually via
"jumpers" or DIP switches for certain address areas or interrupt
numbers. This is very tedious and in praxis, it needs deep knowledge
of the system to avoid conflicts among different cards used
simultaneously. The Autoconfig mechanism of the Amiga system automatizes
this procedure totally, so that the user never has to bother with such
details. Expanding an Amiga system thus is extremely simple and without
problems.
\+
Can you network an Amiga?

Of course you can use the computers of the Amiga family also in
networks. The multitasking AmigaOS even makes this a relatively
easy task. Worldwide you can get connections for Novell, DECNet,
AppleTalk, TCP/IP, plus several peer-to-peer networks. So connecting
to PC compatibles or Apple Macintoshes is no problem. The best
performance is achieved through Ethernet or Arcnet boards. In the
lower performance range for private users or classrooms there are
also solutions. Commodore has developed the SANA-II standard for
network hardware drivers, so that the networking software Envoy
works with every hardware. In UNIX nets, e.g. at universities,
Amigas work together with workstations of various brands.
\+
What does it mean that the Amiga is "video compatible"?

Every Amiga comes standard with the ability to work with graphics modes
and deflection frequencies that are identical to those of TV. Other
computers need special add-on hardware to achieve this. On the Amiga,
it follows that also every normal Amiga software is able to work in
these modes, while you again need special software versions on other
platforms.
\#+
What does it mean that the Amiga is "genlockable"?

When working together with other video equipment, it's important that
these devices are tightly synchronized with each other. Every Amiga
offers the capability to get synchronized to an external video clock.
An external Interface, called Genlock, generates this clock for the
Amiga and additionally takes the Amiga-generated graphics signal and
overlays it on another video signal. This way you can e.g. create a
film title on the Amiga that can be blended over an introduction
scene of your last holiday video.
\+
What makes the Amiga specially suited for Multimedia?

The above dicussed video compatibility builds the hardware base.
As these capabilities exist since the very first Amiga days of 1985,
a broad palette of software evolved, covering all aspects of video
applications. An equally rich offer for hardware add-ons got
developed, from cheap devices for the video amateur up to
professional equipment for TV studios. Thus many TV stations today
use Amigas and often deliver all the graphics for the show.
When speaking of "graphics" here, not only still images are
meant: Especially animations, graphics in motion, is one of the
strengths of the Amiga. There is a wide range of animation
software packages available. But besides graphics, the Amiga also
has its strengths in sound. Its 4-channel 8-bit DMA sound offers
good quality for all entertainment or semiprofessional applications.
\+
What are the Amiga Custom Chips?

In the first Amiga, the A1000, the chips "Agnus", "Paula", and
"Denise" did the hard work. They together build a specialized
multiprocessor system that takes much time-critical load off of
the main processor. This includes the plain display of image
informations, 4-channel sound output, floppy control, general
DMA control, and much more. In the newest Amigas you find the
"AGA chipset", which consists besides "Paula" of the advanced
chips named "Alice" (for Agnus) and "Lisa" (for Denise).
\+
What is the Copper?

Copper is the short name for a "Coprocessor" which is integrated
into the Amiga custom chips. It makes possible fast action games,
unbelievable color effects, and that you can drag down a screen
partially on the Amiga display and thus show several screens at
once. Technically, the Copper is a highly specialized microprocessor
which knows only three different commands, but can process these
extremely fast and efficiently. It provides the ability to change
e.g. graphics mode, color values, or sprite definitions somewhere
at a well defined location within the screen, to display more
different action on one screen simultaneously.
\
What is the Blitter?

Blitter is the short name for another graphics coprocessor which is
part of the Amiga custom chips. With it you can copy rectangular
image parts extremely fast to other areas. During this, you can
take up to three source data areas and perform logical operations
on them. This allows e.g. to define certain color values of the
copied object as transparent, thus not modifying the destination
area. As an add-on, the Blitter also can draw lines and fill
areas fast. All in all it serves to provide extremely fast, animated
graphics that can be designed especially realistic.
\
What is a sprite?

A sprite is a graphical object that can be moved easily across the
screen and still is displayed without any flicker. In game programs
they are used to show projectiles or characters, which contributes
to the blindingly fast speed of typical Amiga action games. Technically
seen, the sprite data are held separately from the normal image data
in memory. A certain part of the graphics hardware overlays this
object at a selectable location onto the background image. Simply by
changing one single memory value, the sprite can be moved directly,
without any delay, to a different location on screen. The mouse
pointer is one example of a sprite. The Amiga graphics hardware
provides for 8 sprites.
\
What is the HAM mode?

The HAM mode is one of several graphics modes that's provided by the
Amiga custom chips from their start. With HAM, you can display many
colors simultaneously while using up very little memory. Shortly put
it's sort of a hardware data compression method by a factor of ca. three.
Still you can display practically all colors of the palette on screen.
\+
How does HAM mode work?

Technically it works like the name says: HAM = Hold And Modify. Like with
other graphics modes, you have a palette with base colors where for each
pixel the number of its color is stored. With the old HAM6 mode, these
are 16 colors, with the new HAM8 mode (since AGA chipset), these are even
64 colors. Now there are stored 2 bits more for every pixel than would be
necessary for a choice among these palette colors, which gives six bits
for HAM6 and eight bits for HAM8.

These additional two control bits can assume four different states:
In one state, the other bits give the number of a palette color like in
a normal graphics mode. In the other three cases, one of the three color
components R, G, or B gets set to a new value from the other bits, so it
gets modified, while the other color components remain unaltered from
the previous pixel, so they are held. This explains the name HAM.
\
What are the strengths and limitations of HAM mode?

This modification of one color component serves especially to render
soft color transitions very correctly, as they are typical for natural
pictures like portraits. In the HAM8 mode you can display theoretically
more than 600,000 colors simultaneously on screen. The dependence on the
previous pixel contents sets certain limits, so that the HAM mode is
less suited for realtime action. But in still pictures or precalculated
animations, it lives with its many colors. With its data compression,
the HAM mode is also responsible for the Amiga being so famous for its
animations that can run at full speed also on smaller Amiga models.
\
Are there alternatives to the Amiga graphics chips?

Yes, several vendors offer today own graphics cards for the Amiga. The
integration of these cards into the operating system still uses inofficial
and not standardized ways, but the experiences are already very good.
It is worked on a standard for operating system integration of such
cards named RTG.
\+
How to bring together the worlds of pro graphics and games?

View of the user: What is the advantage for a business man, when his
Amiga 4000 is part of a computer family that's known as the basis
for the ultimate action computer games?

Computer games today demand for high processing and graphics power,
as well as good sound output. All these qualities, which the Amiga
offers integrated, as well are valuable for standard bureau
applications which also work more and more graphics oriented.

View of the user: What is the advantage for a kid, when its game
computer also has bigger brothers that it can't afford yet?

The broad model palette ensures that software for these computers
can be more easily developed. If you at any time need more power,
you can upgrade to a bigger model later.
\+
What is Amiga CD남?

Amiga CD남 is the first 32-bit state of the art video entertainment
system. Amiga CD남 bases on the Amiga technology and features the
AGA chipset (256,000 colors simultaneously out of a palette of
16.8 million colors). You simply connect it to your TV and/or your
stereo like any other HiFi device.
\#+
Can Amiga CD남 play standard audio CDs?

Yes, Amiga CD남 can handle various CD formats:
- Standard audio CDs in HiFi quality (16 bit with 8 times oversampling)
- CD+G discs, that's CD plus graphics, where music titles are
   accompanied by changing graphics (e.g. for Karaoke)
- CDTV CDs, these are discs for the predecessor model
- Amiga CD남 titles (software)
- with the FMV (Full Motion Video) even Video-CDs with movies or
   video music clips in recorder quality
\+
Can Amiga CD남 also display Kodak PhotoCDs?

Yes, software solutions are available from add-on vendors.
\+
What do CD남 and Multimedia have in common?

Much. Following the tradition of Amiga computers, Amiga CD남 offers
everything you need to display computer graphics, animations, and film
sequences, accompany them with synchronized sound, plus control external
devices like laserdisc players, all of course interactively controlled
by the user. This is what multimedia really means. On the Amiga platform
this is daily business since its very first days in 1985, and today you
can choose among a wide range of professional software for this area
which is useable on all Amiga models, even the Amiga CD남.
\#+
How much information can one CD store?

The average CD has an enormous storage capacity: over 600 Megabytes of
digital data - which is equivalent to 250,000 pages of text. When
compared to floppy disks or cartridge modules, this huge capacity
means that graphics and sound can be experienced in much more detail,
more realistic and more exciting. This quality in graphics, color, and
speed is not possible with floppy disks or cartridge modules.
\+
Can you store information with the Amiga CD남?

Yes, data like game situations and high scores or names can be
stored in an internal CMOS memory, much more convenient and faster
than a floppy disk. With a "software key", you can also protect
your most important entries against overwriting.
\+
How easy is it to install the Amiga CD남?

It's a snap. First you connect the Amiga CD남 to your TV, just like
a VCR. Additionally, you can connect the stereo output jacks to
your stereo amplifier.
\#+
How easy is it to use the Amiga CD남?

Amiga CD남 comes with an 11-button controller, the "Joypad".
It provides smooth, exact, and fast control in every situation.
Function keys that can be software configured allow super fast
reaction for exciting entertainment: you can jump, run, throw,
block, etc. You can control 8 directions.
\+
Can Amiga CD남 also show films?

   Yes, already in the base configuration it's possible to play
films in a unique format developed by Commodore (CDXL). With ca.
15 frames per second they are shown in nearly full screen format.
   With the optional MPEG module (or FMV module, for Full Motion Video),
which adheres to the world standard Video-CD or CD-Movie, up to 74
minutes of film in S-VHS quality can be played back from a CD. Films
like Top Gun, Godfather, Star Trek and others have already been announced
by Paramount Home Videos. Besides such movies, the cooperation partner
Sony will provide music CD albums together with their video clips
in the future. The innovators of this standard formed a consortium
where the partners are Sony, Paramount Home Videos, Commodore, JVC,
Matsushita, and Philips. On the Amiga CD남 such MPEG movies can get
overlayed with Amiga-generated graphics. When compared to video cassettes,
Video-CDs promise lower production costs and more robustness, as it's
already know from audio CDs. The FMV module for the Amiga CD남 just
slides into the back of the base unit and is immediately operational.
\#+
What's special with Amiga CD남 titles?

They run on a 32-bit Amiga, which has a complete multitasking operating
system and state of the art graphics capabilities. This adds much
flexibility to the software, as all of the built in features of the
normal Amiga systems can be used.

A multitude of entertainment and information programs is available:
games with action, adventure, role playing, strategy, or board games.
Simulations and information programs round the picture. All titles
come with digitized speach and sound.

Available examples are a world atlas, a cooking book, tips for
gardening, or a health advisor. The complete works of Shakespeare
and much more are offered in computer, video, or CD departments.
In early 1994 ca. 50 Amiga CD남-specific titles are already available.
\+
What displays can be used with Amiga CD남?

Amiga CD남 can be connected to all TV sets via their antenna input.
For a better image quality, also a video composite output (CVBS) and
an S-Video output are available, choose the one which your TV set
accepts.
\+
What additional peripherals can be connected to Amiga CD남?

Amiga CD남 offers two mouse or joystick inputs, compatible with
standard Amiga add-ons. You also can connect an external Amiga
keyboard.
\#+
Can I also use an analog joystick with the Amiga CD남?

Yes, the mouse/joystick connectors of the Amiga CD남 are also suited
for analog joysticks. Especially flight simulator programs use them,
though many other action games do not.
\+
What are the expansion possibilities with the Amiga CD남?

Amiga CD남 comes with an internal expansion connector where everything
can be connected which makes a complete Amiga computer out of the
CD남. Here also the optional MPEG module gets installed. It's still
a secret of the engineers what will be offered as add-ons, but several
hardware add-on manufacturers are already developing interesting
products. But also the other direction is possible, to use the CD남
via interfaces as a peripheral for other computers like the Amiga.
\+
Can you use Amiga CD남 also for other things than games?

Amiga CD남 can be viewed as a general-purpose information system.
Thus applications in tourism and other public markets or for
education purposes are already worked on. The key words are POI
and POS systems and information kiosks.
\#+
Is it easy to create a title for Amiga CD남?

It's no more complicated than for a normal Amiga application. All
the proven development tools like compilers and assemblers are
usable. Everyone who already knows how to program an Amiga can
develop directly for the CD남. The multimedia authoring systems
can be especially useful here. If time-critical load processes
from the relatively slow disc are involved, you can simulate this
behaviour with special tools on a normal Amiga and optimize it.
Finally, other software tools let you record your application
directly to the CD.
\
