                         Lightning Protection

Each summer I repair numerous computers that have been hit by
lightning.  Yes, the owners tell me, they had surge protectors
on their computers, but it didn't seem to help.  The reason
generally is that the surge protectors were neither the proper
type nor installed in the correct place.  This article will
describe the causes for the lightning damage, illustrate how it
can be better prevented, and finally, describe how to cut the
repair costs on computers that have been hit.  Specific repair
examples are given for Commodore Amiga computers.

THE SOURCE OF DESTRUCTION.  In the USA the power grid and
distribution system is such that most homes have a "split
phase", center tapped 240 volt service wherein the center tap is
grounded.  The grounded center leg is not only connected to the
water line at each service drop, but it is also "earth"
grounded back at the power company  distribution transformer. 
When lightning strikes the power grid, there are numerous earth
grounds to "absorb" the bulk of the energy before it travels to
your computer.  Even then, there is always a perturbation on the
line that can result in a surge that is capable of damaging your
computer.  If the computer has an external surge protector,
damage to the computer is rare.

Unlike the power grid, the telephone system is UNgrounded.  The
shortest path to ground for a lightning surge on the telephone
lines is through your MODEM and computer!  In my experience, 9
out of 10 computers damaged by lightning have been damaged by a
surge on the telephone line.  This damage typically results in
the destruction of the MODEM, in portions of the computer I/O
serial port circuitry, and even to the +12 and -12 volt circuits
and main power supply in the computer (the serial port is driven
by the +12 and -12 volt power supplies).

PROTECTION.  The main 120 volt power to your computer should
certainly be surge protected.  While the ubiquitous surge
protectors on the market are usually adequate, the ferroresonant
transformer is much superior (and much more expensive). 
Frequently these can be found at significant discounts at HAM
fairs and at surplus outlets, but a word of caution -- they must
be the 60 Hz models.  An excellent price compromise is an
isolation transformer followed by a conventional surge
protector.

Telephone line protection has many options.  By far the cheapest
is to not use your MODEM during thunderstorm activity and to
physically disconnect your telephone line from the MODEM when it
is not in use.  The simplest full time protection is to purchase
and install a phone line spike protector between your telephone
line and MODEM.  A very effective such device is part number 43-
102 marketed by Radio Shack.  While it is extremely effective in
saving your MODEM and computer, it is usually irreparably
destroyed when subjected to a surge.  Nevertheless, its
replacement cost at $13 is much less than the cost of a new
MODEM or computer repair.  To better protect the surge
protector AND your MODEM, consider a double pole, double throw
(DPDT) relay such as Radio Shack part number 275-206 connected
in such a manner that the actuating coil is energized each time
the computer is turned on and the relay contacts are connected
such that BOTH leads going to the MODEM are connected to ground
(and disconnected from the telephone line) when the computer is
turned off and each lead is connected to the telephone line (and
disconnected from ground) when the computer is turned on. 
Another means of protecting your telephone line surge protector
and MODEM is to install a ferrite torroid ring.  BOTH the red
and green telephone lines should pass through the center of the
ferrite ring.  This significantly increases the impedance of any
surge signal that may be propagating down the line.  If this
ferrite ring is placed on the telephone drop prior to its
connection to your main telephone service entrance box, then all
of the telephones on your line will receive the benefit of its
protection.  This latter application may not be approved by the
telephone company as it increases the probability that the surge
is reflected back to the central switching office.

COMPUTER REPAIRS.  All to often I hear horror stories where
entire mother boards and power supplies on the computer were
replaced at a cost of several hundred dollars.  This can only
happen when serviced by an incompetent repair facility.  While
the MODEMs generally must be sent to the manufacturer (as
schematic diagrams are generally not available to the repair
trade), the I/O and power supply circuitry of the computer
itself is almost always rather simple and capable of being
repaired by any competent repair facility at a relatively low
cost.

GENERAL REPAIR TIPS.  When the power supply is rendered
inoperable by the surge, it is almost always the -12 volt supply
and sometimes the more rugged +12 volt supply.  What generally
happens is that the regulators in the supplies go out and the -
12 volt supply becomes a -17 volt supply and destroys any
replacement parts put into the mother board or serial I/O board. 
Rather than replacing the power supply, a simple $ 1.00 in-line
regulator IC part # 7912 can be inserted in the -12 volt lead
between the power supply and the mother board.  If the +12 volt
supply is also so affected, a regulator part number 7812 can be
installed in the +12 volt supply lead in a similar manner 
(Similar 7812 regulators will probably also be needed in the
floppy disk and hard disk +12 volt supply lines.  If either of
the -12 or +12 volt supplies fail in such a manner than there is
no voltage present, then repair procedures must consider the
entire cost of a replacement supply.  In the case of MS DOS-
based systems, entire supplies are generally cheaper than
repair.  In other computers the service personnel can usually
make a compact auxiliary supply at a lower cost than that for
full power supply replacement.  In MS-DOS-based systems , the
I/O circuitry is seldom a part of the mother board.  It is
usually cheaper to replace the serial board than it is to repair
it.  Seldom is the MS DOS mother board itself damaged.  In other
computer systems, the I/O sections (e.g., serial ports) are
usually an integral part of the mother board.  These circuits,
however, are generally simple and are easily repaired.

AMIGA I/O BOARD REPAIRS.  Check to insure that all power
supplies are at their proper voltage.  If there is an overload
on any of the three main supplies (+ 5 volt, -12 volt, or +12
volt), the entire supply will fail to operate.  Disconnect the
two twelve volt wires to the main board and all supply leads to
the hard and floppy drives.  If the +5 volt supply is now
functional, the overload is in one of the 12 volt circuits.  If
there still is no +5 volts, then there are major (expensive)
problems.  If the +5 volt supply does not operate properly when
not connected to the mother board and disk drive loads, then the
entire supply requires replacement.  If it does operate
correctly without any loads connected, then there are major
problems on the mother board itself and the repair is best left
for experienced repair personnel.  If the supply fails to
function only when one or both 12 volt circuits are connected,
repairs to the mother board are relatively simple and are
described below.  Probable defective ICs are given below in the
order of priority of being affected. 

A-500.  In the A-500 computer, the prime suspects are ICs # U38
and U39 followed by U8.

A-1000.  In the A-1000 computer, the prime suspects are ICs #
U6K and U6L followed by U6N 

A-2000, A-2500.  In these machines the prime suspects are fuse
F2, and IC#s U-304, and U305 followed by U301.  On rare
occasions, transistor Q300 and/or diode D300 may also be found
defective.

A-3000.  In these machine, the prime suspects are fuse F300, ICs
304 & 305, then U300 and on rare occassions transistor Q300 and
diode D300

When these are replaced and the computer still does not boot,
again check the two 12 volt power levels.  Connect one at a time
to determine which is overloading the supply.  When this is
determined, check all of the capacitors (about a dozen) that
filter this supply at various locations on the mother board.  If
a capacitor is charred black, it is a prime suspect.

The procedures described above has been found to restore over
90% of Amiga computers hit by surges on the telephone line.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR.  Max Yoder is a Certified Electronics
Technician operating his own electronics repair facility part
time for the past 25 years.  He has a BSEE from Purdue
University and a graduate degree in engineering from the George
Washington University.  His main occupation is that of a program
officer in the electronics division of the Office of Naval
Research where he manages a research program in wide bandgap
semiconductor materials and devices.

Copyright by M. N. Yoder.  This article is freely reproducible
providing, however, that it is reproduced in its entirety. 
Mother boards on computers are generally 5 layer boards and can
be destroyed by inept servicing procedures.  The author assumes
no responsibility associated with do-it-yourself repairs.