
            The Original Angry Stockholder by Paul Griswold


    If you want to save the Amiga computer please capture this message!

    It has come to my attention that many of you feel as I do... That
Commodore is not doing their part to promote the Amiga computer.
Many of you post your complaints about the company and what you feel
needs to be done.

    I have the solution to this.  Recently an angry group of General Motors
stockholders united to pass policy change at GM.  I suggest that we do
the same.

    A.C.A.S.  - The Angry Commodore-Amiga Stockholders group should be
formed to campaign for changes at Commodore.

I am asking for you to do the following:

1.  If you are a stockholder, E-mail me or Regular mail me your name,
    address, phone number and the amount of shares you own.

2.  Include your ideas/opinions on what you think Commodore should do
    to improve their image/products/etc.

3.  If you are not a stockholder... Buy some Commodore stock (it is
    going for around $10 per share) and then follow 1-2.  If you don't
    know how or where to buy stock, call any local stockbroker and they
    will be happy to explain it to you.



    I will compile a list of Angry Stockholders, and the changes that the
majority of those feel need to be made.  I will send out this list to
every member of A.C.A.S.  I also will send a final agreed upon list of
stockholder demands that will include our names, addresses, phone numbers,
and the number of shares that each of us own.


 General Motors stockholders have proven that this strategy can work!

 Please feel free to capture this message and post it on every bulletin
board and network that you call!

    The Amiga Computer has suffered under Commodore's mismanagement for far
too long. It is time for the users to take back the computer that we are
so passionate about!



Paul Griswold
The Original Angry Stockholder



My home address is as follows:

Paul Griswold
8816 Sunset Dr.
Apartment F-333
Miami, FL  33173



    If any of you are interested in helping me manage this campaign, please
let me know!  I can use all the help I can get!


Net mail me at:

paulg@weird.miami.fl.us





