
                Notes on Commodore by Jason L. Remillard


    I used to have a A500, but gave it up to pay off my car before I went to
College.  And yes, Commodore is really pissing me off.  The damn company has
one of the absolute best machines on the market (you know, 'bang for the
buck') and they are just pissing it away.

  I say get the execs off of their asses and move on out into the business
world.  Remember, we had WordPerfect supporting Amiga for a while.  That's a
big company and I really can't see why we can't get others, such as Lotus,
Borland, etc.

  There is absolutely no reason at all why Commodore can't compete in the
current marketplace.  Commodore should get together with 3rd party
developers, see what they're doing, see what they want, and see how Commodore
can accomodate them.  I hear alot of people flaming Commodore about aging
hardware and lack of new technology.  Well, I agree, but we have to get the
user base out there.  I feel that one of the only ways of getting that user
base is getting business to buy Commodore.  That means making it able to be
networked to UNIX, NOVELL, and other networks, CHEAPLY!!  Why not introduce a
workstation resembling the A1000 with ethernet built in.  Having the same
features as a A500 say, and being able to sell them comparibly priced to a
PC-Clone.  Talk to the makers of Mathematica, and any other scientific
program and start the supporting the educational institutions (read
Universities) of this continent.  Stop selling the Amiga's in K-Mart and
Crappy Tire.  All this does de-fame the Amiga and firmly stamps the label of
"Kid's Game Machine" all over it's forehead.  (I know Commodore needs the
sales, but you've got to keep the reputation and prestige intact somehow.)

    Also, try figuring a way of getting Commodore's nose into the military.
        e.g.   Xerox Canada Inc.  (Which is very big)  uses a couple of A2500
with the Toaster to make it's educational training videos in Vancouver, BC.
I have the sneakiest suspicion that the guy that brought the Amiga's had to
go pretty high up in management to get authorization to buy an "unknown"
system.  I also guess that he had to go to Commodore to get them.  Commodore
didn't go to them. (Correct me if I'm wrong, but I doubt it.)

    In Dale Carnegie's book on selling on how he turned Chrysler corp.
around his basic message was:

       Salespersons, do what those shoes you wear were designed for.
           (read door to door.)
       R&D, give the customers what they want.  (read door to door.)
       And PUSH the product.  (read door to door.)

    To sell, you have to research, develop, produce and SELL!!  (Let's not
forget support also.)

    If you start showing that you care about your business, people will
respect that and support you.  Commodore is losing it.  All of those domesday
predictions that I read will become reality soon if Commodore doesn't get
moving.

    Please don't flame me, I got burnt to a crisp in a posting that I made in
comp.os.os2.advocacy. (Called, "OS/2 and Windows?  Give em the punt!")
 Take a look at it.  I woulda done all of you Amigaphiles proud!!

