
                Open Your Eyes Commodore by John Dudley



FOR CHRISTS SAKE COMMODORE! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU???

Look at your unbelievably loyal users of the Amiga Computer!  Look at how we
wait and wait and wait with no word on any possible improvements in our system.
Look at how we wait for new dealers to carry the Amiga line of Computers. Look
at how we wait and wait (forever) to see our Amiga publicized, and when it is,
it's not through the graces of Commodore or CBM's very very talented martketing
team.  It's because of third party companies, and others that remain loyal to
Amiga that get the Amiga shown in public.

Now I can understand not wanting to say you're working on the new Delta Chipset
with 24bit sound and graphics that will be compatible with any Amiga for only
a $195 upgrade and will be available in August 1992, or that you're working on
the new Amiga series, Delpha, which will incorporate a 68040 processor with a
68000 to control the new Delta chipset, and a 68882 math coprocessor with 8 megs
standard and a 20meg 3 1/2" floptical drive, with easy interface to CDRom Drives
with WORM (Write once Read Many) capabilitis that will be available for $2995
and available in August when you cut the prices of your 3000 to $1795.

Now I can understand all of that. (the Osborne Syndrome), but when your loyal
users that MAKE the Amiga the great machine that it is wonder if you're going
to just kill the machine off, or if you are doing anything to help regain the
Amiga's market, you're only hurting yourself.


OPEN YOUR EYES COMMODORE!

People are either
    A) Hoping you will come out with something sometime
    B) Strongly considering the sale of their Amiga system
    C) Have sold their Amiga's in favor of a computer built by a company that
       is already known to have a good reputation of support and upgrades.


WHERE DOES THIS LEAVE THE USER?

Holding a nice brand new super computer that has the reutation of support and
high quality, with the nameplate on it reading HP, APPLE, SILICON GRAPHICS, IBM,
NeXT, etc.


WHERE DOES THIS LEAVE COMMODORE?

It leaves Commodore to tinker with it's toys until the money runs out from lack
of sales.  Better watch out Irv, when this happens, you might still be alive,
and how would you expect to fuel up the corporate jet without any money????
Wouldn't be able to live in the Bahamas long when your stock suddenly plummets
to where you end up owing the stock exchange to keep your stock on it's
worthless paper.

Well, might as well put the For Sale sign in the Window of CBM HeadQuarters if
Commodore continues to practice it's neglegence the way it so evidently loves
to do.


IS THERE HOPE?

I hope their is.  I hope you decide to change your style, Commodore, and soon.
Of course we are all curious wondering what you're working on behind the secret
lab doors in West Chester.  You don't necassarily need to tell us what it is
you're doing, but at least tell us you're doing SOMETHING! The last thing you
came out with was CDTV 1 & 1/2 years ago, which is cool but still no advance in
technology.(an A500 w/CDRom and cool Graphical Interface)  Before that, it was
the 3000 and AmigaDos 2.0 on April 24, 1990.  What since then? (wow. a 386SX
bridgeboard that costs more than a standalone 386SX with HD, RAM, Monitor, etc.)

I do plan to stick with Commdore, however. I do not like any other computer for
it's price (NeXT looks very nice, but too expensive) I just personally have
grudges with other Companies (IBM, etc.)   I pray that maybe someone from
Commodore will read this, and say something to others at Commodore and maybe
get 1 thing changed.

p.s. I know I could pay a hundred bucks to become a developer and know all the
new goodies on the drawing board, but what is everyone else suppose to do?
Support Commodore with $100 a year just to know if Commodore will continue to
say they support the Amiga or not.

That's all folks!



