From: JScotto@Wazoo.Com
To:   All
Subj: VIScorp Phone Conversation
Date: 16 Apr 1996 04:20:32
Area: comp.sys.amiga.misc

Hello,

On Friday 12 April 96 I called VIScorp in order to reach  Ms. Florine Radulovic VIScorp's
Director Of Communications.  I was unable to reach her but left my phone number and much
to my surprise I received a call from her this morning (15 Apr)  at work.  Without quoting here
is the thrust of our conversation:

I asked if VIScorp was going to make an official statement of company policy re:their plans for
the future of the Amiga computer. Ms. Radulovic told me that there still had been no formal
sale just a letter of intent but that VIScorp was proceeding  in the direction of a sale.  She said
VIScorp was primarily  interested in working the interactive television technology, but that the
continued development of Amiga technology was  important to them.  She further stated that she
believed that it would still be AT's job to continue Amiga development and  research.  AT
would, if bought, essentially come as a complete unit with all patents, contracts, etc.  She
implied that the current  AT (not ESCOM) management would contiue to work and develop the
Amiga. In regards to an official policy statement Ms Radulovic replied that that was up to the
CEO. That she would see him later that day and would inform him that the Amiga community
would like to see such a statement from his company.  She said that the decision was  his but that
she believed that he was inclined to make such a statement once a deal was final. At this point I
thanked her for returning my call and said I would  be looking forward to seeing a VIScorp
statement on the nets.

Now this may seem like no big deal but I took it as a very good sign  that a VIScorp employee
would reply to someone who had identified himself only by affiliation with a user group
(Southern Nevada Amiga Group - S.N.A.G).  I also thought her answers seemed straight forward
and honest.  I truly do look forward to hearing what VIScorp's plans are.  A leadership with a
vision, even if it is of a kind of benign hands off approach to Amiga Technology could be quite
a bonus for the Amiga as a home computer.

Sincerely,

John A. Scotto - JScotto@Wazoo.Com
