
                               VIScorp (Logo)
                                      
                         The ED (Electronic Device)
                                      
                                   Ed Box
                                      
   The ED is a sophisticated cable set-top appliance. The device is,
   essentially, a highly cost-optimized computer that includes graphical,
   simple-to-use interfaces which can be remotely configured from a host
   operating system. It is designed to be placed on top of or next to a
   television set and connect directly to a standard telephone jack
   either through a conventional telephone wire or through wireless Radio
   Frequency (RF) connectivity. It uses a consumer's standard TV set as a
   monitor and presents text and graphics using specially configured
   fonts so that it is readable at normal viewing distances (i.e., text
   and graphics are presented in proportional fonts up to 60 columns):
   each device can also overlay graphics and text on the television
   picture or bring up a solid background to facilitate information
   viewing. It comes equipped with a modem, video and audio circuitry,
   and a controller.
   
   The ED permits consumers to perform a variety of functions and access
   a number of on-line interactive services which VIScorp expects to make
   available in the future including fax capability, E-mail, videogames,
   home shopping and educational programs. The majority of the
   interactive services that it will deliver are either not widely
   available for home TV or available only on high-powered multimedia PCs
   with modems. VIScorp's Internet and set-top devices can be sold at
   less than the price of a PC - while providing entirely new
   functionalities (e.g., advanced telephone management services) not
   available on a PC.
   
   The ED appliance offers all the functions and features of the UITI,
   but includes a number of unique, value-added features which add to its
   potential appeal to average TV viewers. These include:
     * A built-in magnetic card stripe reader so that credit or debit
       cards may be swiped to confirm transactions. To enhance
       performance, the debit card may be filled with electronic funds
       drawn on the users bank.
     * A built-in interactive on-screen program guide with one week of TV
       programming mapped to the local area or cable operator; the device
       also provides for parental control that enables the screening-out
       of unwanted programming.
     * The ability to enable the viewer TV set to function as an
       executive-style speaker telephone with one-touch on-screen dialing
       so that calls may be placed from the living room couch with a
       remote control. In locations where caller ID is available, the ED
       can scan the incoming call and check the number against a
       database. If it recognizes the number, the ED scrolls the name of
       the incoming caller across the TV picture and the viewer may
       answer the call and speak to the person with a press of a button
       on the remote control.
   
                               www.vistv.com
