
                               VIScorp (Logo)
                                      
                              Company Profile
                                      
   The Visual Information Service Corp (VIScorp) was founded in 1990 to
   take advantage of the technological and marketplace developments now
   remaking the global communications media industry. In December 1995,
   the Company merged with Global Telephone & Communications, Inc., and
   VIScorp is now listed on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board (VICP).
   
   The Company's mission is to be a world leader providing easy-to-use
   and affordable technologies and services that permit the average
   television viewer to take advantage of the Internet, World Wide Web
   (Web), on-line services and interactive television (ITV). The Company
   is pursuing a product-development strategy to take advantage of
   current worldwide interest in networked interactivity by introducing a
   series of affordable products and services that connect the standard
   TV set and the telephone so that networked interactivity (and
   especially the Internet) can become a truly mass-market phenomenon.
   
   VIScorp plans to commence introducing the first of its product line
   during the 4th quarter 1996 and, by year-end 1997, introduce seven (7)
   products - as well as the supporting interactive applications and
   on-line services. This strategy positions VIScorp at the very center
   of rapidly emerging interactivity industry - the Internet, on-line
   services and ITV.
   
   The communications media industries are pursuing two separate - if
   parallel - paths to create the "information superhighway". The current
   interactive paradigm can be distinguished between the ITV strategy
   (promoted by telephone and cable-television companies) and the on-line
   strategy (promoted by computer, telecommunications and software
   companies). VIScorp offers an important alternative to this
   interactivity paradigm. It starts with the user-friendly TV set and
   links the viewer via a standard telephone line to the Internet, Web
   and on-line services as well as to a host of enhanced applications,
   including an on-line screen speaker-phone and address-book, fax
   messaging and interactive games. VIScorp products offer a means by
   which TV viewers can bridge the separate worlds of television,
   computing and telecommunications. The Companys products have been
   designed to transform the current generation TV set - be it NTSC, PAL
   or SECAM - into a sophisticated smart ITV center.
   
                               www.vistv.com
