
                               VIScorp (Logo)
                                      
   

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE



AMIGA TECHNOLOGY AGREEMENT COMPLETE

   Alliance Between VIScorp & Escom AG Approved
   
   Chicago, IL, January 12, 1996 -- Visual Information Services Corp.
   (Nasdaq: VICP, Bulletin Board) an interactive TV developer
   headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, and Escom AG, a leading computer
   manufacturer headquartered in Bersheim, Germany, have finalized an
   international license agreement to adapt, utilize, license, and
   distribute Amiga technologies within VIScorps interactive intelligent
   set-top TV appliance - Electronic Device (ED). The license authorizes
   VIScorp the right to use, re-license, and distribute the Amiga
   operating system, and compatible parts of current versions and future
   updates of the technologies where the Amiga products are used as, or
   as part of, interactive television devices.
   
   In 1995, Escom AG acquired all Commodore and Amiga licenses, patents
   and trademarks. Amiga is an acknowledged leader in the computer
   industry in the area of providing high quality graphics for monitors
   and television broadcasts through their sophisticated chip sets. The
   combination of the Amiga hardware/software technologies and intuitive
   operating system makes them a viable contender in the development of
   high speed delivery for complex graphic programming. The Amiga
   technology can import and adapt software to the set-top box with
   minimal changes.
   
   By employing a sophisticated chip set, such as the Amiga technology,
   VIScorp will have the ability to provide a complex set-top appliance
   with multitasking functions to integrate affordably the TV set, phone
   line and network service providers. This ability has not yet been
   offered or available through existing systems, said Jerome Greenberg,
   VIScorps, Chairman of the Board. By utilizing our unique set-top
   appliance and incorporating the Amiga technology, VIScorp is able to
   provide a complete practical solution for interactive TV services, and
   now the ability to access the Internet through a standard TV set with
   pricing that makes sense for the average TV viewer.
   
   The integration of the Amiga system with the VIScorp set-top appliance
   will allow access to the Internet, on-line services and voice chat
   programs through the TV set. As planned, ED will access any on-line
   services (e.g., CompuServe or AOL), local bulletin board services and
   any address on the Internets superhighway. Access can be through a TV
   remote, a computer keyboard, a touch-sensitive pen or the microphone
   in the ED. Additional plans will enable consumers to play games (e.g.,
   individually, against a networked opponent), or enable home shopping,
   electronic banking, and enable a subscriber to gain access to
   information services through a TV set.
   
                                  --------
                                      
                                  VISCORP
                     111 North Canal Street, Suite 933
                             Chicago, IL 60606
                                      
              Corporate Information Contact: Florine Radulovic
                                      
                             Voice 312.655.0903
                              FAX 312.655.0910
                                      
                                      
                               www.vistv.com
