
                               VIScorp (Logo)
                                      
                              WILLIAM H. BUCK
                                      
                           Chief Executive Officer
                                      
   Mr. Buck assumed the role of CEO in 1994 and brings to the position
   more than a decades professional experience in the interactive
   television and investment banking fields. A graduate of the U.S.
   Military Academy, West Point, Mr. Buck is a results-oriented
   entrepreneur with experience in product development, marketing, sales
   and financial operations.
   
   During the period of 1990-1994, Mr. Buck worked extensively in the
   interactive television industry as a business-development consultant
   and deal-maker. Mr. Buck worked closely with a former President of CBS
   to establish IWN (International Wagering Network), and raise the
   initial funding. He was elemental in the forming of IWN with NTN
   Communications, a leading interactive television company.
   
   Previously, Mr. Buck served as Vice President, Business Development,
   ICTV, Inc., an interactive-television pioneer. Mr. Buck was involved
   extensively in ICTVs formative period. During this time, ICTV secured
   investments from Cox Communication and IBM. In addition to the effort
   required to support these tasks, Mr. Buck was responsible for the
   development of ICTVs relationships with major Hollywood studios and
   American record labels.
   
   Mr. Buck was a founding member of US Wests Interactive Enterprises,
   responsible for establishing its merchandising and catalogue
   alliances. Mr. Buck also served as a senior-level consultant to the
   Times Mirror Company, assisting it in establishing its first
   interactive business unit. Mr. Buck served as President of Cableshare
   US, an early interactive-television Company; he took principal
   responsibility for the acquisition of the Cableshare by IT Network and
   the sale of a Cableshare interactive television systems to Bell
   Atlantic.
   
   Prior to his entry into the interactive television field, Mr. Buck was
   an executive with Kidder, Peabody, Inc. (1987-1990). He served as
   Assistant Vice President and Account Manager, responsible for
   institutional, municipal and high net-worth individual investments.
   
   Mr. Buck is a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy, West Point, BS
   Engineering. During the period of 1977-1987, Mr. Buck was on active
   duty in the U.S. Army, attaining the rank of Captain with various
   domestic and international assignments.
   
                               www.vistv.com
