
                               VIScorp (Logo)
                                      
                              CURTIZ J. GANGI
                                      
                           Chief Operating Officer
                                      
   Mr. Gangi is a seasoned business professional with 16 years experience
   in the consumer electronics, computer software and allied industries.
   Mr. Gangi is a highly-skilled business strategist who has held senior
   operations and management as well as marketing and sales positions.
   
   Prior to joining VIScorp, Mr. Gangi was President and Chief Operating
   Officer of Foton, Inc., a software publisher of Document Publishing
   Programs (DTP) and Voice Command computer hardware (Say It Voice
   Command). At Foton, Mr. Gangi was responsible for all areas of
   corporate operations, business development and distribution.
   
   Previously, Mr. Gangi held a number of senior-management positions. He
   was Vice President and General Manager, Timeworks International
   (Chicago, IL), a computer software developer and publisher of personal
   productivity programs, responsible for all aspects of corporate
   operations, including sales and marketing, human relations and
   inventory. Mr. Gangi served as part of the launch team for Commodore
   Internationals CDTV initiative, the first consumer CD-ROM system
   player, titles and accessories; he was Director, Marketing & Sales,
   CDTV Publishing Division, responsible for world-wide titles sales
   efforts.
   
   Mr. Gangi was Vice President, Sales & Marketing, ICOM Simulations
   (Wheeling, IL), one of the earliest successful multimedia
   entertainment and productivity publishing startups; the company was
   acquired by Viacom. Earlier, Mr. Gangi served as Director, Sales and
   Distribution, Cinemaware Corp. (Chicago & Los Angeles), an
   entertainment software publisher; Mr. Gangi was responsible for the
   introduction of the first successful CD-ROM title, Defender of the
   Crown.
   
   Prior to entering the software/multimedia publishing industry, Mr.
   Gangi was a member of the Chicago Board of Trade, an independent
   trader and licensed broker for financial instruments. (For independent
   gain and risk).
   
   Mr. Gangi is a graduate of Southern Illinois University, BA, Business
   and Liberal Arts.
   
                               www.vistv.com
