
                               VIScorp (Logo)
                                      
                                DAVID ROSEN
                                      
                     Vice President Business Development
                                      
   Mr. Rosen has twenty years professional experience as a senior
   corporate marketing executive, a strategic planning consultant and in
   media production. In addition, Mr. Rosen is a nationally-recognized
   authority on the entertainment and communications media who writes and
   lectures extensively.
   
   Prior to joining VIScorp, Mr. Rosen was founder and managing director
   of Praxis, Inc., a business-development and marketing firm,
   specializing in new-product development and introduction. Praxis
   provides consulting expertise to many of the worlds leading
   communications and entertainment companies, including Ameritech,
   BellSouth, ElectroGig, Fujitsu, GTE, Home Box Office, Landmark/Weather
   Channel, IBM, M2 Interactive, NHK/Denstu, OmniBox, Phillips, SNET,
   Socratic Dialogues/MIT Media Lab and Van Gogh TeleVision. In addition,
   Mr. Rosen advises many of the nations leading non-profit
   organizations, including Benton Foundation, Consumers Union, Robert
   Wood Johnson Foundation, KQED/San Francisco, MacArthur Foundation,
   Museum of Modern Art (NY), National Video Resources/Rockefeller, San
   Francisco Opera, Station Resources Group (public radio) and WNET/New
   York.
   
   Prior to forming Praxis, Mr. Rosen served as Commodores international
   marketing director responsible for the world-wide introduction of the
   first consumer CD-ROM system player, titles and accessories; in
   addition to naming the product and overseeing all marketing efforts,
   he served as the companys principal product spokesman. Previously, he
   was Vice President, Entertainment Services, LINK Resources, an IDC
   Company, overseeing a staff of ten and establishing one of the nations
   foremost research and market-planning companies. Earlier, he was
   Director of Development and then a Producer at WNET/Thirteen (New
   York), the leading PBS station.
   
   Mr. Rosen is the author of numerous commissioned pieces, including
   Distributing Digital Video, NVReports (National Video Resources),
   Multimedia & Future Media, Multimedia: Gateway to the Next Millennium
   (Academic Press), Multimedia & the Future of Television, Multimedia
   2000 (National Assn. of Broadcasters), Welcome to the Future, San
   Francisco Focus, The Electronic Home in the Year 2000 (Center for
   Advertising Research) and Off-Hollywood: The Making & Marketing of
   Independent Film (Grove), commissioned by Robert Redfords Sundance
   Institute. Mr. Rosens television credits include the six-hour ABC
   mini-series, The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald, and the Emmy-Award
   winning PBS series, The American City (WNET). Mr. Rosen holds a BA
   from City College of New York (CUNY) and a MA, Philosophy, New School
   for Social Research, New York.
   
                               www.vistv.com
