
                               VIScorp (Logo)
                                      
                               DON GILBREATH
                                      
                         Vice President Engineering
                                      
   Mr. Gilbreath has 17 years professional experience in informational
   sales and consumer product market development. During this period, he
   designed and developed over thirty products from musical instruments
   to multimedia players. In addition, he has extensive experience in
   running international engineering teams, vendor negotiations,
   licensing, patents and supervising off-shore manufacturing. Mr.
   Gilbreath also has extensive sales experience including the sale of
   graphics systems from gaming terminals in Europe to video editing
   systems in Asia.
   
   Most recently, Mr. Gilbreath was founder and president of Gilbreath
   Systems, Inc., (GSI), a Westchester, PA firm specializing in
   international contract engineering and product development. Its
   current product lines include video production test equipment and
   consumer universal remote control. Previously, he served as general
   engineering contractor to OCTus, Inc., San Diego, CA, designing a
   smart-phone system which incorporated voice-data-fax and in context
   data base management at a PC terminal.
   
   During the period of 1980-91, Mr. Gilbreath worked with Commodore
   International Ltd., as Manager, Consumer Products, R&D (1980-1985),
   Director of Research and Development (1985-1987) and Director of
   Product and Market Development (1987-1991). During this period, he
   reported directly to the Chairman and designed CDTV, the first
   consumer multimedia player as well as secured original funding, hired
   and negotiated all sub-contractors in North America, Europe and Japan.
   He also created and developed OEM sales channels and vertical markets
   for Commodores complete line of microcomputers and peripherals. He
   developed product strategy including joint ventures and acquisitions
   and was responsible for developing a 1200 baud modem, a 3.5-inch
   floppy disk drive, RGB video card/ram expansion, laser disk authoring
   for Amiga computer and broadband receivers for financial data service.
   
   As an independent contractor, Mr. Gilbreath worked on the creation of
   X*Press Cable Data Service (a TCI/McGraw Hill venture) and developed a
   new video processor for the American Stock Exchange floor. He also
   undertook projects for General Electric (i.e., solid state florescent
   ballasts), Johnson Controls (i.e., electronic thermostat) and other
   vendors. Mr. Gilbreaths professional career also includes service with
   Safetran Data Systems (Colorado Springs, CO) and DHG Sound Co. (Santa
   Rosa, CA). Mr. Gilbreaths educational background includes a BS in
   Biomedical Engineering from Colorado Technical College (1976) and
   Mathematics and Acoustic Engineering from University of California
   (1973).
   
                               www.vistv.com
