
                           About Carl Sassenrath
                                      
     Carl Sassenrath is a designer of Interactive Multimedia Technology,
     Platforms, Tools, and Interfaces related to Interactive Television
     (ITV). His history includes development of next generation ITV
     Systems and Tools, the VIS Corp Cable Box Operating System, the
     Commodore Amiga Operating System, the Pantaray Digital Video
     Editor, the CDTV CD-ROM Operating System, CD-ROM Creation and
     Optimization Tools, CD-ROM Motion Video Tools, Atari Lynx Tools,
     Amiga Logo, Object Oriented Languages, and more.
     
History

     * VideoStream, Inc., Vice President of Product Development.
       Development of next generation interactive television technology
       for broadband systems.
     * Pantaray, Inc., President. Developed a range of products,
       including the CDTV (Commodore's consumer based CD-ROM system), the
       VISCorp Cable Box Operating System, CD-ROM simulation,
       premastering, and optimization tools, one of the first non-linear
       digital video editors, and the first motion video from CD-ROM
       (CDXL).
     * American Multimedia, President. A new venture directed toward
       introducing CD-ROM multimedia into employee training departments
       for the top corporations in the US. We focused on technology to
       provide simple, TV-style, motion video user interfaces from
       CD-ROM.
     * Sassenrath Research, President. Programming and consulting
       company. Wrote the main development tools for the Epyx Handy
       (Atari Lynx hand-held game machine), created Amiga Logo, wrote the
       book: Guru's Guide to the Commodore Amiga, and other code for
       Electronic Arts, VPL, Commodore, ...
     * Apple Computer Advanced Technology Group, Technology Manager,
       Headed the development of next generation object-oriented
       operating systems and program execution environments. Part of the
       Cray Supercomputer group.
     * Commodore Amiga, Inc., Manager of Operating Systems. Designed and
       implemented one of the first Multitasking Operating Systems for
       personal computers. The design included pre-emptive multitasking,
       message based communications, dynamically loading libraries and
       devices, interrupt system.
     * Next Generations Systems, President. Designed and coprogrammed the
       NGS Forth programming system for the IBM PC.
     * Hewlett Packard, Computer Group, Software Engineer. Developed one
       of the first graphically oriented user interfaces (1982) utilizing
       a bit mapped display, icons, fonts, a mouse, and remote procedure
       calls (RPC). Also responsible for the development of HP3000
       operating systems (MPE).
     * National Science Foundation. Upper atmospheric physics research
       scientist at the South Pole, Antarctica.
     * University of California, Davis, Behavioral Biology Department.
       Wrote programs to model and simulate neurons, statistical analysis
       of behavior.
     * BS in Electrical Engineering, University of California, Davis.
       Specialized in computer systems.
     * KVIQ (ABC) Television. Technical director several years as part of
       commercial and news production departments, including live
       broadcast.
     * KEET (PBS) Television. Program switcher (TD) and cameraman.
   
                                  [INLINE]
                                      
                            Contact Information
                                      
                              Carl Sassenrath
                        PO Box 1510, Ukiah, CA 95482
                                      
                            Phone: 707-485-0599
                             Fax: 707-485-5803
                                      
                           (carl@sassenrath.com) 
                                      
                                  [INLINE]
                                      
                                 6112.1450
