
			     Catalog
			(Revised 01/18/93)


Catalog Disks

	Because the current library has grown so large, it is no longer cost
	effective to distribute a printed catalog.  Therefore, the catalog
	disks replace the printed catalog, and will be updated at each new
	release of disks to reflect the current state of the library.  It
	currently takes two disks to hold a complete catalog.

Ordering Info

	There is no duplication fee for the catalog disks.  To receive the
	latest available catalog at any time, simply return the original 
	disks (or two blank disks), along with $1 for postage and mailer to:

		Fred Fish
		Catalog Disk Update
		1835 East Belmont Drive
		Tempe, Arizona  85284
		USA

	Optionally, you can send $3 for the catalog and I will supply the
	disks, postage, and mailer.


The CATFISH Cross-Referenced Catalog Listing

	A complete catalog that completely cross-references the entire
	library by both file name and by subject area is now available
	on one disk from the AMIGA Science and Technology Users' Group
	(ASCITEC) for $10.00.  Another disk is also included that lists
        all of the contents files (in blocks of 25) for all of the Fred
        Fish disks available.  Both disks are included for $10.00.

	The CATFISH disk is made available with the explicit agreement
	that it not be copied for distribution or placed on any bulletin
	board.  Please support these policies if you appreciate our efforts.

	The printed three-hole punch printed catalog is no longer available.
	All files on the disk are easily printed via mouse point/click
	options.

	The files available on this catalog disk include:

	   A subject category sorted file name cross-reference listing
	   based on a three page 18 point major subject category
	   outline with disk numbers given for each file.
	   Currently contains 149 total categories.
	   Currently 4,307 lines, or about 66 pages when printed.

	   An alphabetically sorted file name cross-reference listing
	   with disk numbers given for each file.  Duplicate
	   file names are sorted with the most recent listed first.
	   Currently 3,851 lines, or about 58 pages when printed.

	   Complete listings of all of the disks and file descriptions
	   (README and CONTENTS files).  These are stored in blocks of
	   25 CONTENTS files per block for ease of use and display.

	   CLI notes for accessing any public domain disk file for
	   reading, copying, and execution of files on the disks.

	Future upgrades are easily obtained by mail at the same price.

	All of the files are stored in power packed format and are transparent
	to the user.  No additional files are necessary.  Just double-click
	the icons to obtain the full listings on the screen.  It also
	includes full pattern search requestors and full file and screen-only
	printing options.  Uses FullView (included) for reading the files.

	Also:  Files explicitly requiring WorkBench 2.X only have been
	identified by adding the suffix ":" at the end of their file names
	in all of the above listings.

Ordering the CATFISH Catalog Disk

	To order, make checks payable to "ASCITEC" or "THE AMIGA CLASS"
	at the AMIGA Science and Technology User's Group address given
	below.  Address all orders and questions regarding CATFISH to
	this address:

	      ASCITEC
	      CATFISH Listing
	      P. O. Box 201
	      Los Altos, CA  94023
