This is disk 801 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


Convert		A program that provides the means to easily convert numer-
		ical values between international, Imperial and US systems
		of measurement.  It does this in twelve fields of measure-
		ment, including area, capacity, density, energy, fuel con-
		sumption, length, power, pressure, speed (velocity), temp-
		erature, volume and weight.  It has a flexible, easy to use
		GUI and works under OS 1.3 and 2.xx.  The registered version
		also has an ARexx port.  Version 2.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Fuller

CyberCron	A cron utility for AmigaDOS 2.0.  Uses the new, more flexible,
		AmigaDOS 2.0 technique for running programs.  Offers an ex-
		tended set of options that may be specified for any given
		event.  Version 1.5, an update to version 1.3 on disk 682,
		and includes various bug fixes, code tweaks, four new ARexx
		commands, documentation in AmigaGuide format, and more.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

CyberX10	A program that can be used to control the CP290 home computer
		interface for use with the X10 home automation system.  It
		requires KickStart 2.04+ and supports localization under Work-
		Bench 2.1+.  Includes documentation in AmigaGuide format.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

Luna		A small program that will display the time and date of the
		phases of the moon for a month in any year from 1900 to 3000
		AD.  If a lunar eclipse occurs in that month, its time and
		date will also be displayed.  It has an easy to use GUI and
		works under OS 1.3 and 2.xx.  Version 1.0, freeware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Mike Fuller

PowerData	Patches AmigaDOS, enabling all programs to read and write
		files packed with PowerPacker in way that is completely trans-
		parent to themselves and the system. Programs will read power-
		packed datafiles directly, and will also magically start com-
		pressing their own datafiles, as they create or update them.
		This is version 38.105, the official successor of another pro-
		gram by this author, Powerpacker Patcher.  Partially localized
		for use with Workbench 2.1.  Requires Workbench 2.04+.  Share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Berg

TWC		Two Way Chat & Send enables you to make use of your modem's
		full duplex feature.  With TWC you can connect to another
		Amiga running TWC, then you may transmit files AND chat at
		the same time, in both directions.  GUI-driven, needs Kick-
		Start 2.04 or higher.  Version 2.03, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Lutz Vieweg
