
			      Orders
			(Revised 8/8/91)


How To Obtain Disks

	First, you may wish to check with your local dealers and user groups.
	Most already have many of the disks.  Since these disks can be copied
	freely, and widespread distribution is encouraged, they propagate out
	to central distribution points fairly quickly.

	If you just can't wait, or can't find copies locally, I am willing
	to make these disks available for the cost of media, duplication,
	mailing materials, postage, and miscellaneous expenses (like wear
	and tear on my drives).  Naturally, you are encouraged to make
	copies for your friends, local user groups, dealers, etc.  My goal
	is to get as much software as possible into the hands of people that
	can use and enhance it, and make the AMIGA the success it deserves
	to be.

How to Order

	To order, send a list of the disks you want, and payment in U.S.
	funds to:

		Fred Fish
		Amiga Library Disks
		1835 East Belmont Drive
		Tempe, Arizona  85284
		USA

	The per disk fee as of December 1990 is as follows:

		1   to 9 disks		$6 per disk
		10  to 49 disks		$5 per disk
		50  to 99 disks		$4 per disk
		100 or more		$3 per disk
		complete library	$2 per disk	(see note below)

	The price includes cost of media, mailing materials, and postage.
	Domestic (USA) mail is sent first class.  Overseas mail is sent
	via Air Mail at no additional charge.  Time and other jobs
	permitting, all disks will be mailed within 5 days of receipt of
	order (most are filled the next day).

	If the per disk charge in effect at the time your order is received
	is less than the amount stated above, you will be charged the lower
	rate, and an appropriate credit for the difference added to your
	account.  It is highly unlikely that the per disk charge will be
	higher (it has always decreased, reflecting my decreasing cost for
	disks since beginning distribution of the library).

Complete Library Orders

	The "complete library" price ($2 per disk) applies only to orders
	of a complete set of all disks in the library at the time of the
	order.  Up to an additional 100 future disks can be preordered
	at the same time as the initial order, at the same rate.

	This offer is intended to provide a relatively low startup cost
	for new user groups, dealers, or other users, to obtain a complete
	library set.
	
Subscriptions

	Feel free to order more than the current number of disks available.
	Excess funds will be placed "in escrow" (refundable at any time) 
	and drawn against for automatic mailings of future disks as they 
	become available.  These disks will be charged against your account
	at the per disk charge in effect at the time they are shipped.
	I hope to add at least four to six disks per month to the library.

Tape Distributions

	Some library materials are now available on 1/4" cartridge tape.
	Below is a description of the first three tapes in the library.

		Hardwr  Softwr
	Tape #	Format	Format	Contents
	------	------	------	-------------------------------------

	T001a	1/4"	Tar	Disks 1-187, crc lists for 1-187, and
		QIC150		"brik" for using the crc lists.

	T002a	1/4"	Tar	Disks 188-375, crc lists for 188-375, and
		QIC150		"brik" for using the crc lists.

	T003a	1/4"	Tar	Disks 376-520, crc lists for 376-520, and
		QIC150		"brik" for using the crc lists.

	The distribution fee is $75 per tape.  This includes high quality
	media such as SONY QD-6150 tapes, duplication and handling, and
	priority mail for domestic USA customers or airmail for international
	customers.
