
			   ReadMeFirst
			(Revised 12/24/90)


Introduction

	Welcome to the Amiga Freely Redistributable Library.  The library
	was started by Fred Fish in November 1985, shortly after the
	release of the Amiga 1000, and has continued to grow and flourish
	since then, thanks to the generous contributions of innumerable
	Amiga users.

	Other files on this disk that you may wish to read include:

	Contents:	A listing of the contents of this particular disk.
	Distribution:	Information about distribution status of library.
	Catalog:	How to obtain a catalog of the entire library.
	Orders:		How to order other disks from the library.
	Submissions:	How to submit material for inclusion in the library.

What's Available

	There are useful tools, games, programming examples, editors,
	compilers for various languages, demos of commercial products,
	and other odds and ends.

Guarantee

	There is no guarantee as to the performance or usability of any
	of the materials in this library.  In general, most suppliers will
	replace or rewrite, at no additional charge, any disk ordered
	directly from them, which turns out to be defective or unreadable.
	Given the nature of this library, you should not expect anyone
	to assume any liability for the results of using anything from
	this library.

Notes

	Please keep in mind that most of the materials in this library
	are intended for use by experienced programmers, or at least
	experienced Amiga users.  Many are runnable only via the CLI user
	interface, as they contain no icon files (particularly the early
	disks, before about disk number 90).  If you are inexperienced with
	the Amiga CLI interface, you may need the assistance of an
	experienced user to make use of some of these disks.  I do not
	provide telephone support for instructions on how to run specific
	programs from the library.

	Starting with disk 421, library disk construction was moved to
	WorkBench 2.0, and all submissions were tested under the latest
	developers version available at the time the disk was finalized.
	One side effect of this move, is that various icons may look
	rather strange under WorkBench 1.3 due to the improved graphical
	interface of 2.0.
