
			   Submissions
			(Revised 1/24/91)


Author Submissions

	If you have written a program that you would like to see appear
	in the library, I encourage you to submit it on disk directly to
	me, along with a letter indicating you would like to see it
	included in the library.

Submission Format

	You can increase the chances of your submission being accepted by
	following a few simple guidelines:

	(1)	Don't submit bootable disks or disks with any other
		proprietary material included, since I then have to
		go examine each file to decide if it is distributable
		or not, and if not, what effect removing it might have.

	(2)	Organize the distribution in a manner similar to the
		library disk organization.  I.E., place all files
		related to a particular program under a single directory
		on the disk.  If there is more than one program per disk,
		place each one in its own directory.

	(3)	Try to write a simple entry for the "Contents" listing
		that summarizes your submission.  It should be about 
		3-10 lines, and include the current version number, the
		version and disk number of the most recent version
		(if any) that was last included in the library, whether
		or not source is included, and an "Author" list.

	(4)	Ensure that your submission will run correctly from
		its subdirectory and that it does not depend upon the
		name of the disk.  If necessary, supply a script
		runnable from workbench (via c:IconX) that makes all
		necessary assigns, copies fonts and libraries, etc.

Shareware

	The prefered method for shareware to be included in the library
	is for it to be submitted directly by the author.  However,
	shareware acquired from other sources (such as third party
	submissions or electronic services such as BIX or People Link)
	will be considered if it appears that the author wishes it to
	be widely distributed and there are no specific prohibitions
	against inclusion in libraries such as this one.  The intent
	is not to exclude shareware received from other sources, but
	simply to ensure that the author has no objections to its
	inclusion.
