
                           Short Stories  No.1
                                Document

Thank you for obtaining and using the Short Stories program. I hope that
you enjoy the first story to be published in this unique way. I am not
aware of any other company or individual publishing short stories
exclusively on computer disk, therefore I can claim my services to be
unique! If there is anyone else out there doing this then please let me
know. I have no doubt that now the idea has been realized there will be
many imitators, but just remember where you saw it first, right here with
Samsof Software.

The idea is really very simple. I have always wanted to be a book publisher
(I edited a magazine for over 2 years), and I have always been interested in
computers (particularly programming them), so rather than going to all the
hassle and expense of setting up a traditional publishing company, I decided
that the best thing to do was to put stories into a computer program rather
than onto paper, and publish them that way.

Did your parents and teachers always tell you that you should read rather
than going on your computer? Well now you can do both at the same time!


                          Installing the program

Once you have the program on your hard drive, before loading the program,
press the right amiga key and the 'e' key together. A command line will
appear. Just the following line into the command line:

              copy <program path>/fonts sys:fonts/ all

Change the <program path> to whichever path leads to the short story program
on your hard drive. For instance if your hard drive is called `Work:' and
the short story program is in adrawer called `story' then you would type
`Work:story' instead of <program path>.

When you have the correct command typed in, press the RETURN key or select
the OK gadget and the fonts will be copied to the fonts drawer in your boot
partition. If you have any problems with this procedure, please let me know.

When you completed this simple procedure, double click on the icon entitled
`ShortStory1' and the program should load up without any problems.


                            Using the Program

Once the program has loaded you will be presented with the first page which
tells you the name of the story and who wrote it. To advance a page press
the `+' key (either one of the two on the keyboard) and to go back a page
press the `-' key. You can select to go to a particular page by either
pressing the right mouse button and selecting a menu option or by pressing
the right amiga key and the page number together. So if you are reading page
3 and you want to go immediately to page 6 just press right Amiga and the
number 6 together. To go back to the title page, press right amiga and `S'
together.


                              DISCLAIMER

Samsof software supplies this product to you `as is'. This means that we
cannot be held responsible should the use of this software damage any part
of your computer by any means whatsoever. It is extremely unlikely that any
such thing would happen, but you use this software at your own risk.
It is highly likely however that some stories that we publish may seriously
damage your sense of humour, or in some cases enhance it, either way we
cannot be held responsible!


                              COPYRIGHT

This program is copyrighted to Samsof Software    © Samsof 1996
The story is copyrighted to Beniamin Siclovan     © Beniamin Siclovan 1994

The demo version of this software may be freely distributed provided that
all files (including these documents) remain with the program at all times,
and that the program is not altered, added to or has anything deleted from
in any way. Also NOBODY may charge more than £1.50 for a disk containing
this program. PD Libraries please take note!!

Magazine publishers are welcome to put the demo version of this program onto
coverdisks or CD's provided that they let me know beforehand. This is just
common courtesy. It doesn't take two minutes to write and send a quick
E-mail, so there's no excuse.


                          Contacting Samsof


Samsof is my business name. My real name is Samuel Bowers. to contact me for
any reason you can either use snail-mail or E-mail. My snail-mail address is

                             Samuel Bowers
                             Samsof Software
                             PO Box 11
                             Beccles
                             Suffolk
                             NR34 9JS
                             England

                        My E-mail address is:

                        sambowers@thenet.co.uk

 I look forward to hearing from you!


                        Buying Registered stories

Did you like what you saw in this demo? If you did then no doubt you will be
anxious to get your hands on some more stories. Well this is easily done.
Just send me £7.50 (including £1.50 p+p) per story that you require and as
soon as any cheques have cleared, I will despatch your programs by first
class post. If you live outside of the UK then please add an extra 50 pence
to cover postage.

If you live in the UK you can, if you wish, send me a stamped addressed
jiffy bag (large enough to contain the amount of disks you have ordered)
along with your order, in which case you only need pay £5.00.

Other stories available so far are:

   The lucky break           Order code: 1900002
   The rascals               Order code: 1900003
   A bad day                 Order code: 1900004



                    Getting YOUR stories published

                           The small print

You are advised to read the following section through carefully before
submitting anything to Samsof, as, by  the action of submitting anything to
Samsof you demonstrate your acceptance of the following rules.

If you have written a story that you would like to see published then why
not send it to me. Subject to certain restrictions (nothing obscene or in
bad taste please!) I promise that I will consider all stories sent to me for
publication. If I decide not to publish your story for whatever reason, I
promise to let you know why the decision was taken. Please note, however,
that my decision is final.

If your story does get published, you will receive 20% of all the profit
made on it. That means that at current prices of £5.00 per story you will
receive £1 for every story sold! You will also get a FREE rigistered copy of
the program featuring your story. I can't be fairer than that, can I?

Please note that you receive a share of the profit on all programs sold. How
much you receive depends entirely on how many people buy your story. Samsof
cannot give any guarantees as to how much you will receive, or even whether
you will receive anything at all. In fact the ONLY guarantee that Samsof can
give you is that I will keep full and accurate records of all programs sold,
and that I WILL send you a FULL 20% of all money recieved (not including
money received for p+p as this is a cost, not profit).

So get those old stories out of the loft or knuckle down and write some
right now, after all what have got to lose? Even if you don't get any money
back for them (which is unikely as given a worldwide audience such as we
have, somebody is bound to be interested in whatever you write about), you
will still have the satisfaction of knowing that your stories were
published, and whatever happens, it will only cost you the price of a stamp
(or a local phone call in the case of E-mails). After that there is no
charge to you whatsoever. It is up to me to get your stories published and
earning money.

Please do not send me any stories that you have not personaly written or
that have been published elsewhere, particularly if they have been
copyrighted by someone else. Samsof must and will refuse to publish
copyrighted material, however should copyrighted material be inadvertantly
published then the submitter of the material and NOT Samsof will be
responsible for any consequences. All stories submitted to Samsof will
automatically be copyrighted to their authors by Samsof. By submitting a
story to Samsof the author automatically gives permission for Samsof to make
the story into a computer program, for commercial sale, subject to the
author receiving an agreed percentage of the profits that his story
generates (currently 20% however Samsof reserves the right to alter this
amount either up or down for new clients at any time and without warning,
however once an amount has been agreed upon, the agreed amount for
a particular story cannot be altered either by the author or by Samsof,
unless that story is re-released.


That's the end of the documents, I wish you every enjoyment with this and
other stories that you purchase from me.

    BYE BYE FOR NOW, I LOOK FORWAD TO RECIEVING YOUR REGISTRATION SOON!
