
            Repair - Of a broken or intermittent keyboard cable
           -----------------------------------------------------
                             on the Amiga 1200
                            -------------------
              

                              by Vaughn Tovey

                              12 January 1998


WARNING: This document is Hackware. If you do not feel confident in
opening your A1200 do not attempt this project. (see DISCLAIMER below)
          

Disclaimer:
----------

I do not take responsibility for any damage caused to your machine or
keyboard by following these instructions.
Computers should only be opened and tinkered with by qualified technicians 
and hackers who have a good idea of what their doing. 
If you open your own machine you take its well-being in your own hands.
     

Copyright:
--------

This guide has been released as an information document. You are free to 
post it or send it wherever you want as long as credit for the work remains
with the author, In addition, magazines wanting to include this document on 
a cover disk/cd should ask the authors permission first.


Intro:
-----

This is a quick guide on how to repair broken or partially broken keyboards 
which have a worn connecting cable, this was tested and completed on two 
A1200's, this repair hack should work on other keyboards of similar type on 
most computers.


Cause:
-----

The cause of worn connecting cables on the A1200 is simple, when you
disassemble your Amiga, you take great care so as not to break anything,
when you come to the point of disconnecting the keyboard, what do you do ??, 
just pull the floppy green cable out, well, if this is the case, then this 
is where your trouble starts to begin, if you do this more than a few times, 
you are more than likely scratching the carbon connecting pads on the 
keyboard cable away.

When you've finished whatever you are doing inside the computer, you now
re-assemble the computer back together, as before, when disassembling
the computer, you take great care as to not break anything, but when
you come to putting the keyboard floppy cable back into it's connector
on the motherboard, what do you do ??, force it in ??, well, if so, this
again is not helping, for the same reason's mentioned above regarding
pulling the keyboard cable out.


Preventative Solution :
---------------------

The solution is extremely simple, and is documented on various documents
on the Aminet, when arriving at the point of removing the keyboard cable,
take a look at the point where the cable is actually connected to the
motherboard, you should see a white rectangular clip which hold's the
keyboard cable in place, when this is simply lifted up, the cable can be
removed very easily, to replace the cable, just re-insert the keyboard
cable into it's connector, and then place the white clip onto the keyboard
connector, this then saves ware and tare on the keyboard floppy cable


Solution when keyboard is broken or intermittent :
------------------------------------------------

This section is for the people who have gone past the stage of preventative
measures, and now have a broken or intermittent keyboard on their hands,
the repair for this is quite simple and requires you to purchase only a few 
parts, many of which you will not need to buy as you would have them handy 
anyway's.

The repair is as follows :

Step 1:
------

Disconnect the keyboard from the computer using the preventative
solution as described above, when you have the keyboard separate
from the connector, take a look at the carbon connecting pads, to
do this best, look at them through a microscope (if you have one), a
magnifying glass or a helping hands kit, a perfect connector will have
no scratches on the black carbon pads, a worn connector will have
scratches on one or more of the carbon pads, on the scratched ones,
you may be able to  see the plastic  behind the pad's carbon, these
pad's, when put in the keyboard connector on the motherboard may or may not
be making contact with the metal inside the connector on the motherboard,
thus, broken or intermittent key's when used.

To repair the scratched carbon pad's is quite simple and requires just
one component, and this is, conductive paint, this is available from many 
electronic stores and catalogues, I obtained mine from Cpc (in the Uk), 
you can obtain it from Rs or Maplin's, you only need a very small bottle, 
get the smallest you can find as it's quite expensive.

I'm assuming you can use other paints/solutions to do this repair, I think 
the only prerequisite it has to have is, is it has to be conductive.

The cost of the bottle I got was roughly £6, I've had for about 18 months 
now, I've done 2 keyboards and it's only about 25% used, you could easily 
do 7 to 10 keyboards.

The bottle I have has the following printed on it :

Manufacturer : Electrolube
Paint Type : Silver conductive Paint
Surface resistivity : 0.3 Ohms/Sq


Step 2:
------

Once you have obtained the conductive paint or similar conductive material, 
you now have to apply it to the carbon pad's with scratches, you can if you 
want, do all of the pads, but I would not recommend it unless you are forced 
to.

I completed this part using the following procedure.

Obtain a microscope, magnifying glass or helping hands kit, your keyboard,
the conductive paint and a piece of metal wire to apply the paint, the
wire can be anything in fact, as long as you apply the paint with it.

The metal wire I used - When you buy something, ie : Hi-Fi, Walkman, it's 
the wire (covered in plastic) which is used to tie up the speaker wires, 
or earphones, when you unpack it, most people throw it away, well, I used 
that, I stripped back the plastic covering and bent the bare wire roughly 
into the shape of the letter U.

Place the keyboard on a flat surface so that you obtain a better view
with the aid of the microscope, helping hands kit or magnifying glass.

Setup the keyboard, magnifying aid (Microscope etc..) so that you can see 
the carbon pad's clearly, once setup, apply the conductive paint to the 
scratched pad's with the metal wire mentioned above, unless you are brilliant 
at applying the conductive paint, I'm assuming, like me, that when you 
applied the paint, it crept into the carbon pad next to the one you were
repairing, don't worry about this, this will be scratched off later.

Once all of the scratched pad's have been covered in conductive paint,
leave to dry for 10 mins, when dry, you will notice that on some of the
pad's repaired, that the paint has crept over to the carbon pad next
to it, if left like this, the keyboard would not work 100 % as some of
the carbon pad's would be shorted out, to rectify this, we have to remove
the conductive paint in between the repaired carbon pad's, this can
be done quite easily.
Again, as with applying the conductive paint, use the magnifying aid
which you have selected to complete the following :

Obtain a ruler and sharp scalpel, line up the ruler to the shorted
lines on the cable, once satisfied that the ruler is lined up with
the shorted out tracks on the keyboard cable, scratch off the paint
in between the carbon pad's, making sure that you *do not* scratch off
the paint ON the carbon pad's, only in between them !!, once this has
been completed, clean the carbon pads with isopropyl alcohol or meths,
or similar, this is to remove any loose particles of scratched off paint
away so that it doesn't accidentally short anything out.

You are now finished, check to make sure that none of the pad's are shorted
out, once satisfied, re-assemble and test, if everything went ok, all
key's should now work perfectly.


Acknowledgements:
----------------

Richard Thomas -
For asking me to attempt to repair his A1200 keyboard, without his keyboard, 
I would not have not attempted this hack/repair.


Author:
------

I'm currently studying Electrical & Electronic Engineering (Bsc) at the
University of Glamorgan, I've been into hard/hacks since I bought my
A1200 a few years ago, this is my 1st hard/hack document, so don't
judge it too harshly.

My current system is as follows : 
A1200, 030, 10Mb Ram, 1.2Gb Hd, 4x Cdrom, 90W Pc PSU, 2 DDFdd's, 1 HDFdd, 
Hp Deskjet 520 - my next project may be to put all of the above 
into a tower case.

If you wish to ask questions, or just to say hi, then you can contact
me at the following addresses:

Email:   Vatovey@glam.ac.uk
Email:   Vtovey@hotmail.com
Irc:     #Amiga - Nick = Clawfingr
WWW:     Not at the moment

Postal : 11 Brynteg,
         Treharris,
         Mid-Glam,
         S.Wales,
         Uk,
         CF46 5RF
