                               CONTENTS

   This disk is version 3.0.

   The disk you are now about to use has the following files:

   1)  Contents -- this file;

   2)  Read_Me.First! -- tries to give credit to all authors of programs,
       files, and equipment I used in creating this tutorial disk by de- 
       scribing their use, where those programs can be found and how I
       used them;

   3)  The_Tutorial -- just what it says; my attempt to make your using
       MSH as easy and productive as possible;

   4)  MSH -- the whole purpose of the disk; written by Olaf Siebert (All
       of his program, files and docs.);

   5)  MultiDos -- an alternate, freely distributable program, to using
       MSH;  written by Kjell H. Didriksen; provided for additional in-
       sight.

   6)  Text reader --
        -- MuchMore -- one of the easiest to use; and, one that works with
           versions of AmigaDOS.

   (Note:  A complete Amiga Workbench, designed to make learning MSH ea-
    sier, used to be included.  Upon careful review, I felt it was not
    correct to have such a file, without the express authorization of
    whomever is legally in charge of the Amiga Computer System.  I there-
    fore removed it from the disk.)

   Text editing has been done using the following:  WordPerfect v. 4.1.12
for the Amiga (WordPerfect Corporation -- now Corel Corporation), ED 
(Commodore Business Machines's command in the Amiga Workbench), and UEDIT
(by Dick Stiles -- shareware).

   I claim all copyrights to the tutorial and the manner this disk is pre-
sented.  This disk and its contents are as freely distributable as the
programs and files I have used.  As I would have no way of knowing how your
Amiga is configured, or which AmigaDOS version you are using, I can only
state that under an AmigaDOS version 1.3.x and AmigaDOS version 3.1 with
6 megabytes of RAM (only 512K of CHIP RAM is required), you should find
everything working flawlessly.  Please carefully read the tutorial, it has
some important information in it.

   Thank you.

                             Julian Aronowitz
                             3390 Wayne Avenue, Apt. G52
                             Bronx, N.Y.  10467-2421
                                    U.S.A.
                             Tel.:  (718) 654-1681
                             julian@cnct.com

5/98
