
                         Notes on running the AFTS.
                         --------------------------

                         (TRY IT AT YOUR OWN RISK.)

  MINIMUM requirements:-
  ----------------------

  1) Any classic AMIGA or WinUAE.
  2) Full OS2.0x installation or greater.
  3) Standard 4 colour Workbech.
  4) Extra FDD or optional HDD.
  5) Topaz 16 Font IS required; note, some versions of Amiga Forever do
     not work so these are in the archive.
  6) For oscillators only, ENSURE that NOTHING is connected to the Games
     Port AND Parallel Port... Full WinUAE compatibility.

  Program startup:-
  -----------------

  On program startup a small window will appear looking for ANY attached
  hardware. As you will NOT have the correct HW AND both of the above ports
  should be empty this window will close down and the main working window
  will appear.

  When the main window opens up 'Please Wait...' in topaz 16 font will be
  displayed.

  As soon as the system has set itself up all the working buttons will
  appear.

  Simple Usage:-
  --------------

  The SW defaults to 1KHz sine wave and two buttons will be highlighted;
  'Sine.' and 'Filter.'

  Any waveform selected will be highlighted and the 'Filter.' button will
  automatically be set up for the waveform in use. This 'Filter' button
  CAN be turned ON/OFF at will.

  The output level is slider controlled BUT does NOT work in 'Noise.' mode.
  This mode is set to maximum output level at all times. The 'Filter.'
  button DOES work in 'Noise' mode however. Re-Clicking the 'Noise' button
  changes the noise sound generated every time so along with the 'Filter'
  produces varying noise pitches.

  Frequency change is done by left clicking the, (topaz 16 font), button,
  'Frequency xxxx Hz.' and the text will change to 'Command:- |'. Just type
  any number from 10 to 10000 and the frequency will immediately change to
  that frequency. There ARE some commands but they are not yet completed.
  Any errors will reset back to 1000Hz OR the last valid frequency entered.

  some working commands are:-

  1) Q, q, or Quit<RETURN> to quit AFTS.
  2) H, h, ? or Help<RETURN> for this Manual.
  3) Shell<RETURN> for a new CLI/Shell
  4) l<RETURN> to allow variable output level, default.
  5) L<RETURN> to LOCK the output to maximum ALWAYS.

  The 'Quit.' button closes down AFTS and puts you back into WorkBench

  The two LARGE buttons CALL stand-alone sweep-generator programs. One has
  a constant output that is SW controlled, calibrated against an A600 and
  A1200 and is a compromise between the two. The second sweeps at maximum
  output and a constant volume amplifier IS required for correct operation.
  If NO hardware is detected then this button is inoperative, however the
  button IS available in full hardware and/or DEMO modes.
  Both look and operate identically and ARE completely finished, no further
  updates are required for these two programs. They have their own GUI and
  work STAND-ALONE and to set up a sweep do the following:-

  1) Click one of the 'Sweep Steps' speed buttons.
  2) Click either 'Slow,', 'Medium.' or 'Fast.'.
  3) Optionally click 'Single.' for one sweep only IF required.
  4) Click 'Start.' and away we go...
  5) Left mouse click ANYWHERE on the display and the sweep will stop.

  Both Sweep Generators sweep from 100Hz to 5000Hz upwards ONLY.

  The default settings are 100Hz Sweep Steps, Medium Speed and Continuous.

  The 'Quit.' button closes down the relevant sweeper.

  HW simulation:-
  ---------------

  This DEMO mode is NOT yet proven so ONLY try it at your own risk!!!

  Close down AFTS and all relevant programs IF running.

  Start up AFTS again and whilst the HW detection window is looking
  for the HW press 'Alt-Shift-D' until the main window appears. As you
  will see it is now MUCH bigger, and some new buttons are in there.

  I have no idea what will happen under WinUAE so again I re-iterate
  try this at your own risk!!!

  Have fun...

  All criticism welcome... :)


  73...

  Bazza...

  TA...
