
 The Amigaguide® Help System

 04/07/93

 Have you ever been using a program like Deluxpaint, etc. and forget the
 keyboard commands or what a particular function does?  You have to dig
 out the manual and thumb thru it looking for what you need and in the
 meantime your creative juices get sidetracked so that by the time you
 get back to painting or animating you've lost the idea you had or lost
 track of what you were doing.  I know I have and I have always wanted
 this function for my Amiga. Well, fear not brave computer users.

 With the coming of Amigaguide® having help files for your programs is
 now a viable concept. Anyone that has ever used an IBM or clone (perish
 the thought!!) knows you can usually hit F1 to get some help on what you
 are doing.

 Well, shortly  and sweetly I laboriously have done all the hard labor
 (typing) and my sweat is your gain.  I have started with the Amigaguide®
 help file for Deluxepaint IV since I use it the most.  If you will
 examine the layout of an Amigaguide® text file you will see that it
 consists mostly of nodes and a main(s) menu.  The supplied file could
 also be added upon to include several help files for different programs
 and can be called up with the HELP key.  There are a couple of ways to do
 this.

 Since I use Directory Opus a lot, I setup the HELP key under Global
 Hotkeys to run the Amigaguide file which I keep in my C directory and
 give it an Amigaguide® file to run upon loading.

 E.G.   SYS:c/Amigaguide SYS:s/PROGHELP.guide

 So that when I hit the HELP key my Help file is loaded.
 You could also use something like AGInvoker to accomplish the same thing.
 I originally was going to keep several help files in one Amigaguide file
 but it turned out to be larger than what I thought.

 Since you must have Deluxepaint IV to use this file, I figured only
 registered owners would use it anyway so I don't think there is any
 copyright infringement. You could expound upon this file and link
 more commands together so you could cross-reference them but I choose
 not to go this route to save time.  Hope this helps make computing easier
 for you.......Enjoy!!

 M. Holloway
